["save basic clusters .", "save clusters .", "save basic .", "basic clusters .", "save basic clusters ."]
["configure a builder for the server using the legacy configuration", "configure a ssl config builder for the server using the legacy configuration", "configure a config for the server using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder ssl config for the server using the legacy configuration", "configure a configuration for the server using the legacy configuration"]
["if the wrapping fails , then null is returned .", "if the wrapping o , then null is returned .", "if the wrapping fails .", "if the fails , then null is returned .", "if the o fails , then null is returned ."]
["test of length method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , length class geometric distribution .", "test length npara method , of class geometric distribution ."]
["bui ( 2015 ) \" cachediff : fast random sampling \" url", "bui ( 2015 ) \" cachediff : fast random sampling \" sample", "bui ( 2015 ) \" cachediff : sample random sampling \" url", "bui ( 2015 ) \" cachediff : %UNK% random sampling \" url", "bui ( 2015 ) \" cachediff : random sampling \" url"]
["if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media items ( ) will return the search result .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media items ( ) will return the search result .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser library # get media items ( ) will return the search library .", "if it ' s successfully completed , result # get media items ( ) will return the search result .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser library # get media items ( ) will return the search result ."]
["set the options .", "sets the options .", "add the options .", "set the set .", "returns the options ."]
["convenience method to get install file", "convenience method to get custom file", "convenience method to get script install file", "convenience method custom install file", "convenience method to get custom script file"]
["set the confidence .", "add the confidence .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the confidence ."]
["request an update of the current update cluster metadata info , return the current update version before the update", "request an update of the current cluster metadata info , return the update current version before the update", "request an update of the current cluster metadata info , return the current version before the update update", "request an update of the update update cluster metadata info , return the update update version before the update", "request an update of the current cluster metadata info , return the current version before the current update update"]
["gets the full path from a full file name , which is the prefix + path .", "gets the full path from a full file , which is the prefix + path .", "gets the full path from a full name , which is the prefix + path .", "gets the full path from a full name name , which is the prefix + path .", "gets the full path from a full file name , which is the prefix + path ."]
["unlinks interior node p with predecessor pred .", "unlinks interior node p with pred trail .", "unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .", "unlinks interior pred p with predecessor trail .", "unlinks pred node p with predecessor trail ."]
["create a new client with the given mongo client .", "create a new client with the given mongo .", "create a new client with the given mongo settings .", "create a new client with the given mongo string .", "create a new client with the given client string ."]
["the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per compute .", "the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per", "the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per bytes .", "the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per so .", "the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per %UNK% ."]
["sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher .", "sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher .", "sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher .", "sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher .", "sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher ."]
["creates a native linkable group using sources compiled by the d compiler .", "creates a native group linkable using sources compiled by the d compiler .", "creates a linkable group linkable using sources compiled by the d compiler .", "creates a native native group using sources compiled by the d compiler .", "creates a native linkable using sources compiled by the d compiler ."]
["sets the cpu status .", "sets the cpu status free or .", "sets the cpu status ( free ) .", "sets the cpu status ( free ) .", "sets the status ( free or busy ) ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image .", "computes the maximum for each planar across all bands in the planar image ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["closes the websocket .", "closes the .", "closes the - connection .", "closes connection .", "closes the websocket connection ."]
["for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time until ( end time , hours )", "for example , the in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . until ( end time , hours ) .", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start until ( end time , hours )", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . ( end time , hours ) ."]
["converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 character bytes - each byte is a truncated char .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 - each byte is a truncated char .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 character bytes - each byte is a truncated char .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii and 1 character bytes - each byte is a truncated char .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 1 character bytes - each byte is a truncated char ."]
["pauses all paused .", "pauses all 1 .", "pauses all downloads .", "pauses all downloads .", "pauses all pause ."]
["loads the class using the atest runner artifact class loader .", "loads the class using the artifact class loader .", "loads the class using the atest artifact class loader .", "loads the class using the runner runner artifact class loader .", "loads the class using the runner artifact class loader ."]
["convenient way to build a beam sql schema .", "convenient way to build a beam sql schema type .", "convenient way to build a beam row schema .", "convenient way to build a beam sql schema type .", "convenient way to build a beam schema type ."]
["calculates intersection of the image and the render filter region in the coordinate system relative to image .", "returns intersection of the image and the render filter region in the coordinate system relative to image .", "calculates intersection of the image and the image filter region in the coordinate system relative to image .", "calculates intersection of the image in the coordinate system relative to image .", "calculates intersection of the image in the coordinate system relative ."]
["if key filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned ."]
["18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )", "43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )"]
["generic method for untyped messages .", "generic method .", "generic method", "generic method for message messages .", "generic method for sender messages ."]
["sets the additional portfolio information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the portfolio trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the additional trade information , defaulted to an portfolio instance ."]
["or throws a calendar no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such resource exception if it could not be found ."]
["initializes and returns the permissions of all permissions known in the system .", "initializes and returns the permission of all permissions known in the system .", "initializes and returns the hashtable of all permissions known in the system .", "initializes the hashtable of all permissions known in the system .", "initializes and returns the type of all permissions known in the system ."]
["grants the role permission read permissions on the resource .", "grants the role permissions on the resource .", "grants the read permission read permissions on the resource .", "grants the role role permission permissions on the resource .", "grants the role permission permissions on the resource ."]
["waits during timeout until text extracted from specified element by", "waits during element until text extracted from specified web element by", "waits during timeout until text extracted from specified", "waits during timeout until text extracted from specified web element", "waits during timeout until text extracted from given web element by"]
["scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the api , but automatically validates against self - signed - api trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the service , but automatically validates against self - signed - service trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the iapi , but automatically validates against self - signed - iapi trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the gateway , but automatically validates against self - signed - gateway trusts gateway certificate", "- no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the service , but automatically validates against self - signed - service trusts gateway certificate"]
["check if there is any negative ( = improvement ) .", "check if there is any cost ( = improvement ) .", "check if there is any negative cost .", "check if there is negative cost ( = improvement ) .", "check if there is any negative cost ( = improvement ) ."]
["see url html", "see html", "url html", "see url", "see %UNK% html"]
["create new builder based on an existing core event instance .", "create new builder based on an existing event instance .", "create new builder based on an existing core event instance .", "create new builder based on an existing core instance .", "create new builder based on an existing core base event instance ."]
["user / group may update meta data of metadata : rename files and folders , change classification , etc .", "user / group may update metadata data of nodes : rename files and folders , change classification , etc .", "user / group may update meta data of nodes : rename files and metadata , change classification , etc .", "user / group may update meta data of nodes : metadata files and folders , change classification , etc .", "user / group may update meta metadata of nodes : rename files and folders , change classification , etc ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["see syslog constants and rfc 3164 for more information about the", "see constants and rfc 3164 for more information about the", "syslog constants and rfc 3164 for more information about the", "see syslog constants 3164 for more information about the", "see syslog constants"]
["once you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using", "you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using modify", "once you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using dbinstance .", "once you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using dbinstance", "once you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using ."]
["returns the list of configured custom publisher targets for this wan replication .", "returns the list of configured custom publisher targets for this custom replication .", "returns the list of publisher targets for this wan replication .", "returns the list of configured custom publisher targets for this custom replication .", "returns the custom of configured wan publisher targets for this wan replication ."]
["remove change objects are automatically generated .", "remove axiom change report are automatically generated .", "remove report change objects are automatically generated .", "remove axioms change objects are automatically generated .", "remove axiom objects are automatically generated ."]
["return a signature object .", "return a signature signature containing the current signature state .", "return a signature object containing the current signature state .", "returns a signature object containing the current signature state .", "return a signature containing the current signature state ."]
["if label filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if labels = \" abc \" , label filter with a label containing \" abc \" are returned ."]
["adds a new uri to the list of unique .", "adds a new unique to the list of redirects .", "adds a uri to the list of redirects .", "adds a new uri to the unique of redirects .", "adds an uri to the list of redirects ."]
["returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( sample ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( sample estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( sample kurtosis estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset ."]
["module however is stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied externally to the guice injector .", "archaius module however is stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied externally to the guice injector .", "archaius module is stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied externally to the guice injector .", "archaius module however is stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied to the guice injector .", "stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied externally to the guice injector ."]
["the event context keys # message _ channel , if any", "the event context channel # message _ target , if any", "the event context keys # message _ message , if any", "the event context keys # message _ channel , if any", "the event context keys # channel _ target , if any"]
["create a new empty swap with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations .", "create a new empty swap with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations .", "create a new swap sequential with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations .", "create a new empty sequential with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations .", "create a new empty with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations ."]
["extract the values from the array ' s elements by applying an extracting function on them .", "extract the values from the list ' s elements by applying an extracting function on them .", "extract the values from the value ' s elements by applying an extracting function on them .", "extract the values from the assert ' s elements by applying an extracting function on them .", "extract the values from the elements by applying an extracting function on them ."]
["sets the cipher service to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "sets the service to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "sets the service cipher to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "sets the to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "sets the to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized cipher identity service data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data ."]
["this method allows you to specify training listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to training iteration listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners ."]
["sets data to be parsed by libflac .", "sets data to be parsed .", "sets data to be by libflac .", "sets byte to be parsed by libflac .", "sets data ."]
["day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts date to be the next of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the next day - of - week adjuster be the next of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the next day - of - week adjuster of the specified - of - week after the specified date .", "returns day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts date to be the next of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the next day - of - week adjuster the next of the specified day - of - week after the specified date ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add configuration setting with response # configuration setting", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting configuration with response # configuration setting", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . add configuration . add setting with response # configuration setting", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting with configuration response # configuration setting", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting add configuration response # configuration setting"]
["set preisliste .", "set nutzer .", "set kursart .", "set belegart .", "set bezugsnebenkosten ."]
["computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex byte .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex byte [ ] .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex .", "computes the hash of this module .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex string ."]
["the order type is an enum value located under the # order _ type key .", "the order type is an enum value located under the # has order _ type key .", "the order type is an enum value located under the # has order order _ type key .", "the order type is an enum value located under the # has order . order _ type key .", "the order type is an enum value located under the # has order type order _ type key ."]
["read an optional date ( stored as string ) form a json object .", "read an optional date value ( stored as string ) form a json object .", "read an optional long date ( stored as string ) form a json object .", "read an long date ( stored as string ) form a json object .", "read an date long value ( stored as string ) form a json object ."]
["gets the anchor id in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the anchor in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the string id in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the anchor id object in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the anchor id tree representing the unmarshalled xml document ."]
["if modified and not discarded , sheet material will be stored before being disposed of .", "if modified discarded , sheet material will be stored before being disposed of .", "if sheet and not discarded , sheet material will be stored before being disposed of .", "if and not discarded , sheet material will be stored before being disposed of .", "if modified and not discarded , sheet material will be stored before being sheet of ."]
["get the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "returns the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "get the accessible flag for this object .", "gets the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "returns the object of the accessible flag for this object ."]
["get icon img", "get icon img and append to buf .", "get icon img to buf", "get icon img .", "get icon string and append to buf"]
["testing the times transpose ( vector , vector ) method of vmath class .", "testing the transpose ( vector , vector ) method of vmath class .", "testing the times transpose , vector method of vmath class .", "testing the times transpose method of vmath class .", "testing the times transpose ( vector , vector ) method of vmath ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["otherwise , this qualifier must contain all the arrays in super type .", "otherwise , this qualifier must contain all the arrays in", "otherwise , this qualifier must contain all the arrays in type .", "otherwise , this qualifier must contain all the arrays in .", "this qualifier must contain all the arrays in super type ."]
["returns bounds of the menu button part .", "returns bounds of the button part .", "returns bounds of the menu button part .", "returns bounds of the menu button menu .", "returns bounds of the menu button part ."]
["asynchronously gets a api .", "asynchronously gets an api .", "asynchronously gets a api .", "asynchronously gets a .", "asynchronously gets a service ."]
["returns true if the constructor method is locally empty ( allows calls to empty init and super constructor ) .", "returns true if the constructor method is locally ( allows calls to init and super constructor ) .", "returns true if the constructor method is locally empty .", "returns true if the constructor method is locally empty ( allows calls to empty init .", "returns true if the constructor method is locally empty ( allows calls to empty init ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets double in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets another in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , 1 ( double ) ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , double , y ) ) of the input image ."]
["creates a schemaless instance of a provider with the given values for fields f1 and f2 .", "creates a instance of a provider with the given values for fields f1 and f2 .", "creates a schemaless instance of a provider with the given values for fields and f2 .", "creates a schemaless instance of a provider with the given values for fields f1 .", "creates a schemaless instance of a provider the given values for and f2 ."]
["add two uri segments .", "add two uri path .", "add two path segments .", "add uri path segments .", "add two paths path segments ."]
["in alarm , only minute dimensionality indicators are expected to process .", "in metrics , only minute dimensionality indicators are expected to process .", "in alarm , only metrics dimensionality indicators are expected to process .", "in alarm , only minute indicators are expected to process .", "in , only minute dimensionality indicators are expected to process ."]
["the list is immutable .", "if is null , the list is immutable .", ", the list is immutable .", "if null is null , the list is immutable .", "if null , the list is immutable ."]
["creates callable for executing icallable # double who am i ( string , string , re authn type , string ) as given user .", "creates callable for executing # double who am i ( string , string , re authn type , string ) as given user .", "creates callable for executing entry # double who am i ( string , string , re authn type , string ) as given user .", "creates callable for executing entry # double who am i ( string , re authn type ) as given user .", "creates callable for executing entry # double who am i ( string , string , authn type , string ) as given user ."]
["validate that i have a exuberant ctags universal i may use", "validate that i have a exuberant ctags program i may universal", "validate that i have exuberant ctags program i may use", "validate that i have a universal ctags program i may use", "validate that i have a exuberant ctags i may use"]
["tests for the base file system # get status ( alluxio uri , get status poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # get poptions ( alluxio uri , get poptions options ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # get status ( alluxio uri , get status options ) method .", "tests for the base file system status ( alluxio uri , get status options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # get poptions ( alluxio uri , get status options ) method ."]
["# # # effects : provided user receives email with reset token .", "# # # effects : provided user receives email .", "# # # effects : provided user receives email", "# # # effects : provided user receives email .", "# # # effects : provided user receives email with request token ."]
["performs thread dump to the given log .", "performs dump and prints all available info to the given log .", "performs thread and prints all available info to the given log .", "performs dump dump and prints all available info to the given log .", "thread dump and prints all available info to the given log ."]
["if the column ident doesn ' t have a path the return value is null", "if the column ident doesn ' t have a path the return value is null .", "if the column ident doesn ' t have a path the returns value is null", "if the column ident doesn ' t have the path the return value is null", "if the column ident doesn ' t have a null . the return value is null"]
["checks if the given ast node is matching line and column number .", "checks if the given detail ast node is matching line number .", "checks if the given detail ast node is matching line and column number .", "checks if the given detail ast node is matching line .", "checks if the given detail ast node is token type and column number ."]
["persists running state to the remote runtime table .", "persists running state to the remote runtime transaction .", "persists running state to the remote runtime run .", "persists running state to the remote table dataset .", "persists running state to the remote run dataset ."]
["an array of objects defining the nodes in the dialog .", "an array of objects the nodes in the dialog .", "a objects defining the nodes in the dialog .", "objects defining the nodes in the dialog .", "a of objects defining the nodes in the dialog ."]
["the amount of time ( in millisecond ) which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy .", "the amount of time ( in millisecond ) which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy .", "the waiting of time ( in millisecond ) which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy .", "the waiting time of time ( in millisecond ) which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy .", "waiting which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy ."]
["specify values associated with the configured # set locations ( list ) locations .", "specify list associated with the configured # set locations ( list ) locations .", "specify charsets associated with the configured # values locations ( list ) locations .", "specify charsets associated with the configured # list locations ( list ) locations .", "specify charsets associated with the configured # set locations ( values ) locations ."]
["builds maps of obj id to md5 .", "builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "builds maps of id to md5 and case .", "returns maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "builds maps of obj id to md5 ."]
["moves on to next top level domain .", "moves on to next top level domain in tld cycle iterator .", "moves on to next top level domain in tld cycle .", "moves on to next top level domain in tld cycle iterator list .", "moves on to next top level domain in list"]
["add the given method argument resolvers .", "add the handler method argument resolvers .", "the given handler method argument resolvers .", "returns the given handler method argument resolvers .", "add the given handler method argument ."]
["gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item stack input in the parameters", "gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item stack2 gas stack input in the parameters", "gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item item input in the parameters", "gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item item stack2 gas input in the parameters", "gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item input in the parameters"]
["runs operations for a single session .", "runs session for a single client .", "runs operations for a session .", "runs operations for a session client .", "runs operations for a single client ."]
["inverse of # jackson then bson ( string )", "inverse of # jackson jackson then ( string )", "inverse of # jackson bson ( string )", "inverse of # then jackson bson ( string )", "inverse of # bson then bson ( string )"]
["are specifically excluded except for carriage return , linefeed , and the horizontal tab .", "are excluded except for carriage return , linefeed , and the horizontal tab .", "are specifically excluded for carriage return , linefeed , and the horizontal tab .", "are specifically excluded except for carriage return , linefeed", "are specifically excluded except for carriage return and the horizontal tab ."]
["computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex byte .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex byte [ ] .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex .", "computes the hash of this module .", "computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex string ."]
["calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during assembly time and returns its result .", "calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during assembly time .", "calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during assembly time", "calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during converter time and returns its result .", "calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during assembly and returns its result ."]
["or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found ."]
["comments in the same 10 - minute bucket and otherwise equal are considered equal .", "comments in the same 10 - minute bucket .", "comments in the same 10 - minute bucket equal .", "comments in the same 10 - minute bucket", "comments in the same 10 - equals bucket and otherwise equal are considered equal ."]
["creates a new column ident which just consists of the path of the given column ident e . g .", "creates a column ident which just consists of the path of the given column ident e . g .", "creates a new column ident which just consists of the path of the given column ident g .", "creates a new column ident which just consists of the path of the given column ident . g .", "creates a new column ident which just consists of the path of the e . g ."]
["returns the capacity specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning", "returns the node specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning", "returns the resources specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning", "returns the capacity specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning .", "returns the node resources specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning"]
["returns an immutable copy of the current map .", "returns an immutable copy of the current headers .", "returns an immutable copy .", "returns a copy of the current headers .", "returns an immutable copy of the current header ."]
["purge the population of parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of their later combinations is worse than exponential .", "purge the parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of their later combinations is worse than exponential .", "purge parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of their later combinations is worse than exponential .", "purge the parts of parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of their later combinations is worse than exponential .", "purge the population of parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of the later combinations is worse than exponential ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where m time id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where folder modified time = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time r id = ? ."]
["calculates the flow for a single trade .", "calculates the cash flow for a trade .", "returns the cash flow for a single trade .", "calculates the trade flow for a single trade .", "calculates this flow for a single trade ."]
["assigns a mirror object to the given rbase object object .", "assigns an mirror object to the given rbase object object .", "assigns mirror object to the given rbase object object .", "assigns a mirror mirror object to the given rbase object object .", "assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase object object ."]
["creates an exception from an api name .", "creates an exception from a api name .", "creates an exception from an api name .", "creates an exception from an name .", "creates an exception from an api name ."]
["appends a string to a given buffer .", "appends a string string to a given buffer .", "appends a quoted string to a given string .", "appends a quoted string to a given buffer .", "appends a quoted string to a given buffer ."]
["return - 1 if there are no tokens on channel between i and 0 .", "return - 1 if there are no tokens on channel between i .", "returns - 1 if there are no tokens on channel between i and 0 .", "return - 1 if there are no tokens on sync between i and 0 .", "return if there are no tokens on channel between i and 0 ."]
["construct the default web view .", "construct the web view object .", "construct the default web view object .", "construct the default view object .", "construct the default web view view ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of image ."]
["this returns false for unstampable rule classes and for rules in the tool configuration .", "this returns false for unstampable rule classes and for rules in the host configuration .", "this returns false for unstampable rule classes and for rules in the host tool .", "this returns false for unstampable rule classes .", "this returns false for unstampable rule classes and for rules in the configuration ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each planar across all bands in the planar image ."]
["in this test , we close an internal stream in the priority tree but tree should not change .", "in this test , we close a stream in the priority tree but tree should not change .", "in this test , we close internal stream in the priority tree but tree should not change .", "this test , we close an internal stream the priority tree but tree should not change .", "in this test , we close an internal stream but tree should not change ."]
["adds a ( non - optional non - minus ) node to a join group partition .", "adds a ( non - minus ) node to a join group partition .", "adds a non - minus node to a join group partition .", "create a ( non - optional non - minus ) node to a join group partition .", "adds a ( non - optional non - minus ) node to a join group partition ."]
["if they are not the same an assertion failed error is thrown .", "assertion failed error is thrown .", "an assertion failed error is thrown .", "same an assertion failed error is thrown .", "if they are not the same a assertion failed error is thrown ."]
["gets the value of the ' value type ' field .", "gets the value of the type field .", "gets the value of the ' server type ' field .", "gets the value of the ' appenders type ' field .", "gets the of the ' type ' field ."]
["adds remote file attributes .", "file attributes to this remote file class .", "returns remote file attributes to this remote file class .", "adds remote attributes to this remote class .", "adds file attributes to this file class ."]
["increment the count of triggered synchronous state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered synchronous state updates .", "increment the count of triggered state count state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered component state updates ( by one ) ."]
["extracts options from the specified item .", "extracts options .", "extracts options from a specified item .", "extracts options from the specified assign .", "extracts options from specified item ."]
["check whether we are executed on an expired entry before the timer event for expiry was received .", "check whether we are executed on a entry before the timer event for expiry was received .", "check whether we are executed on an expired entry before the timer event expiry was received .", "check whether we are executed on a before the timer event for expiry was received .", "check whether we are executed on the timer event for expiry was received ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["checks if the given name is a legal type name .", "checks if the given name is a legal binary name .", "checks if the given name is a legal name .", "checks if the given name is a legal binary type .", "checks if the given name is a legal private name ."]
["string map is created for the configuration property file and is passed into the framework .", "string map is created for the configuration property file .", "string map is created for the configuration property file .", "string map is created for the configuration property and is passed into the framework .", "string map is created for the karaf property file and is passed into the framework ."]
["checks if the deletion policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion policy can release some commits commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the returns policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion commits can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion policy can returns some index commits with the latest global checkpoint ."]
["tests for the base file system # rename ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , rename poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , poptions options ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # rename ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , rename options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # rename ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , rename get ) method .", "tests for the base file system # rename ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , rename ) method ."]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules to create configuration .", "resolves a collection with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules service binding , to configuration ."]
["returns the java type corresponding to the given method descriptor .", "returns the type corresponding to the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type to the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given method type ."]
["does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a sha256 tree hash of the part and include it in your request", "hash does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a sha256 tree hash of the part and include it in your request", "hash does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a sha256 tree hash of the part include it in your request .", "hash does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a hash of the part and include it in your request .", "hash does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a sha256 tree hash of the part and include it in your request"]
["returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given shader variable .", "returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given shader .", "returns an instance of a given shader variable for the given data type .", "returns an instance of a glsl shader variable for the given shader variable .", "returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given data type ."]
["if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if child returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # child ( ) .", "if iter returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if child iter returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) ."]
["tests if this char sequence starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this char sequence with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified prefixes ."]
["returns the user thread with the primary key or throws a no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "returns the user thread with the primary key or throws a privatemessaging no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "returns the user thread with the primary key liferay . privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "returns the user thread with the primary key or throws a privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "returns the user thread with the primary key or throws privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found ."]
["stub of plugin # before declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # will before setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override"]
["methods with other transaction phase are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase .", "with other transaction phase are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase", "are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase", "other transaction phase are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase .", "see observer methods with other transaction phase are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase ."]
["use the given sleuthkit case to update the data used to determine the available filters .", "use the given case to update the data used to determine the available filters .", "use the given update the data used to determine the available filters .", "use the given data case to update the data used to determine the available filters .", "use the given data used to determine the ."]
["extract a user rating vector from a rating object .", "extract a user rating vector from a rating object stream .", "extract a user rating vector from a rating object streams .", "extract a user rating vector .", "extract a user rating vector from a rating stream ."]
["adds a to a builder , with each being separated by a \" : \" .", "adds a to an builder , with each being separated by a \" : \" .", "adds a to a , with each being separated by a \" : \" .", "adds a to a buffer by a \" : \" .", "adds a to builder , with each being separated by a \" : \" ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["standard setter for the leftward type string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the leftward label string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the type label string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the leftward string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the leftward label type for this relationship type"]
["create a instance manager .", "create a instance .", "create an instance manager .", "a service instance manager .", "create an instance ."]
["it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( virtual file , file type , module ) .", "it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( file file type , module ) .", "it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( file type , module ) .", "it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( virtual file type , module ) .", "it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( virtual file , file module ) ."]
["if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an astvariable access", "if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an astvariable", "if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an astvariable access", "if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an astvariable access", "if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an access reference"]
["set drucktext .", "set ereignisart .", "set berechtigungsstufe .", "set drucker .", "set ausgangsforderung ."]
["returns the object with the settings used for calls to get evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to get .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation audio .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation evaluation ."]
["this is a convenience method for # elect preferred leaders ( collection , elect preferred leaders options ) with default options .", "this is a convenience method for # elect preferred leaders ( elect preferred leaders options ) with default options .", "this is a convenience method for # elect preferred leaders ( elect , elect preferred leaders options ) with default options .", "this is a convenience method for preferred leaders ( collection , elect preferred leaders options ) with default options .", "this is a convenience method for # elect preferred leaders ( partitions , elect preferred leaders options ) with default options ."]
["returns the value of the specific parameter , or default value defined in the info if this params doesn ' t contain the param .", "returns the value of the specific parameter in the info if this params doesn ' t contain the param .", "returns the value of the specific parameter default value defined in the info if this params doesn ' t contain the param .", "returns the value of the specific parameter if this params doesn ' t contain the param .", "returns the value of the specific parameter default value defined in the info if this params doesn ' contain the param ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["is the value with this qualifier less than the length of any of the sequences ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length of any of the sequences ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length of any of the arrays ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length of any of sequences ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length of of the sequences ?"]
["clears the given persisted files stored in # id persisted files .", "clears the given persisted files stored in # persisted files .", "clears the given persisted files stored in # info persisted files .", "clears the given id files stored in # m id files .", "clears the given persisted files stored in # persisted persisted files ."]
["compares this date time to another date - time .", "compares this local date time to another date - time .", "compares this local date time to another date .", "returns this local date time to another date - time .", "compares local date time to another date - time ."]
["this returns a trade based on the specified trade date .", "this returns an trade based on the specified trade date .", "this returns a trade based on the specified trade trade .", "this returns the trade based on the specified trade date .", "this returns a trade based on the specified standard trade date ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function ."]
["this parses the specified byte source to determine if it appears to be fp ml .", "this parses the byte source to determine if it appears to be fp ml .", "this returns the specified byte source to determine if it appears to be fp ml .", "this parses the specified byte byte to determine if it appears to be fp ml .", "this parses the specified byte source to determine if it appears to be fp ml ."]
["the key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported grade wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper spreadsheet on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its spreadsheet"]
["fixes a bug with the swing jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the save dialog and enter the method returns instead of the filename .", "fixes a bug with the jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the save dialog and press enter the method returns instead of the filename .", "fixes a bug with the swing jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the dialog and press enter method returns instead of the filename .", "a bug with the swing jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the save dialog and press enter the method returns instead of the filename .", "fixes a bug with the swing jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the save dialog and press enter the returns instead of the filename ."]
["returns the enum constant .", "returns the constant enum value .", "returns the constant value .", "returns the operation constant .", "returns the operation constant value ."]
["saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 ."]
["currently , sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports flat , tunnel and vlan modes .", "sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports tunnel , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently sona supports flat , vxlan and ."]
["create new instance of injection manager store .", "create new injection of injection manager store .", "create of injection of instance manager store .", "create new instance of injection manager store .", "create new instance of injection manager store store ."]
["sets dependency options .", "sets dependency dependency options .", "sets options dependency options .", "sets dependency options dependency .", "sets dependency options ."]
["setter for pattern format .", "setter for comment pattern .", "setter .", "setter for format .", "pattern for comment format ."]
["sets the entity attribute of this user element to entity", "sets the entity attribute of this element user to entity", "sets the entity attribute of the element user to entity", "sets the entity attribute of this user to entity element", "sets the entity attribute of this user to element entity"]
["more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve .", "more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve .", "more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve .", "more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve .", "more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve bind"]
["get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager instance manager container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection injection instance manager container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager injection manager container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the injection manager instance manager container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection instance manager container ."]
["generates the parameters to post to the dialog frame .", "generates the .", "generates the map to post to the dialog frame .", "generates the parameters to the dialog frame .", "generates the parameters ."]
["returns if the is greater than the .", "returns if the is greater than the first .", "returns if the is greater than the the .", "returns if a is greater than a .", "returns if the is greater than the given ."]
["after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new sample .", "after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new sample rate .", "after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new sample rate .", "after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new rate .", "after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new sample"]
["move this touch display to a new x - y position .", "move this touch display to a new position and bounds .", "move this touch display to a new - y position and bounds .", "move this touch display to a new x position and bounds .", "move this touch display to a new - y position bounds ."]
["triangulate two view using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )", "triangulate two using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )", "triangulate two view using the discrete linear transform", "triangulate two view using the discrete linear ( dlt )", "triangulate two view"]
["split the given tree based on a split point such that the terminals leading up to the split point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree .", "split the tree based on a split point such that the terminals leading up to the split point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree .", "the given tree based on a point such that the terminals leading up to the point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree .", "tree the given tree based on a tree point such that the terminals leading up to the tree point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree .", "split the given tree based on a split point such that the terminals leading up to the split point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree ."]
["gets the full path from a full file name , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the full path from a full file , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the full path from a full name name , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the full path from a full name , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the full path from a full file name , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator ."]
["as the unit implies , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the track .", "as the name implies , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the track .", "as the name implies , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the jca .", "as the locked implies , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the track .", "as the name unit , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the track ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and string .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["when the context is being reinitialized , this call blocks until the reinitialization succeeds .", "when the context is being reinitialized , this call blocks until the reinitialization succeeds or fails .", "when the optional is being reinitialized , this call blocks until the reinitialization succeeds or fails .", "when the context is being reinitialized , this call optional until the reinitialization succeeds or fails .", "the context is being reinitialized , this call blocks until the reinitialization succeeds or ."]
["if the property has not been set , or if its value is negative , set the timeout length to the default .", "if the property has not been set , or if its value is negative , set the length to the default .", "if the property has not been set , or if its value is negative , set the .", "if the property has not been , or if its value is negative , the timeout length to the default .", "if the property has not been set , or if its value is negative , set the"]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) ."]
["verify that a named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that an subquery exists for each include .", "verify that the named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for the include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for an include ."]
["make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed in original array .", "make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed in copy array .", "make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed .", "make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed in data array .", "make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed in copy ."]
["returns true if there is a value in the current strand ' s copy of this thread - local variable , even if that values is null .", "returns true if there is a value in the strand ' s copy of this thread - local variable , even if that values is null .", "returns true if there is a value in the current strand ' s copy of this strand - local variable , even if that values is null .", "returns true if there is a value in the current ' s copy of this strand - local variable , even if that values is null .", "returns true if there is a value in the current s ' s copy of this s - local variable , even if that values is null ."]
["applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjust passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the temporal passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the into passing this as the argument ."]
["provides you a unique archive id , an opaque string of characters .", "an opaque string of characters .", ", an opaque string of characters .", "provides you a unique archive id , an opaque string of characters", "id , an opaque string characters ."]
["set ber .", "set zu ber .", "set zu .", "set zu qty .", "set qty ber ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is parameter exception _ parameter ."]
["see clients class definition # get included properties ( )", "see included class definition # get whitelisted properties ( )", "see clients class definition # included whitelisted properties ( )", "see clients class definition # get whitelisted included ( )", "see clients class definition # get properties ( )"]
["ensures that the quorum is split if the quorum is configured and the operation service is quorum aware .", "ensures that the split is present if the split is configured and the operation service is split aware .", "ensures that the quorum is present if the quorum is configured and the operation split is quorum aware .", "ensures that the split is present if the quorum is configured and the operation service is quorum aware .", "ensures that the split is present if the split is configured and the operation service is quorum aware ."]
["sets the http pipeline policy that is used when each request is sent .", "sets the policy that is used when each request is sent .", "sets the http policy that is used when each request is sent .", "sets the retry policy that is used when each request is sent .", "sets the pipeline pipeline policy that is used when each request is sent ."]
["provides the devfile to dockerfile", "provides the location to devfile", "returns the location to dockerfile", "devfile the location to dockerfile", "provides the location to %UNK%"]
["for a split parent package this will include enriching with siblings , if check for split siblings is true in which case the enriched ( split ) binding will be returned .", "for a split parent package this will include enriching with siblings is true in which case the enriched ( split ) binding will be returned .", "for a split parent package this will include enriching with siblings , if split siblings is true in which case the enriched ( split ) binding will be returned .", "for a split parent package this will include enriching , if check for split is true in which case the enriched ( split ) binding will be returned .", "for a split parent package this will include enriching with siblings check for split siblings is true in which the enriched ( ) binding will be returned ."]
["gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for root component # ambari _ server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # root component _ server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari root component server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari _ root component .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for root # ambari _ server ."]
["you first initiate a job , and after the job completes , you download the data .", "and after the job completes , you download the data .", "you first initiate a job , after the job completes , you download the data .", ", and after the job completes , you download the data", "after the job completes , you download the data ."]
["derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm ( 1000 iterations of sha256 )", "derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm ( file iterations of sha256 )", "derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm", "derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm )", "derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm ( 1000 iterations of file )"]
["convert statistics object into string .", "convert statistics object into object .", "convert statistics object into mapper .", "convert statistics object into object mapper .", "convert statistics object into string mapper ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["gets a vector pointing in the direction that this location is facing", "gets a vector pointing in the direction that this location is facing .", "gets the vector pointing in the direction that this location is facing", "returns a vector pointing in the direction that this location is facing", "gets a vector pointing in the direction that this location is xz"]
["or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found", "or throws a . no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a so no such member request exception if it could not be found ."]
["given a bunch of node refs , create features from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create info from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create auto from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create info features from the results .", "given a bunch of refs , create simple features from the results ."]
["get preisliste .", "get zusammenfassungseintrag .", "get bezugsnebenkosten .", "get zahlungsbedingung .", "get rechnungstag ."]
["for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the java version : svm jars , truffle jars etc .", "for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the classpath version : svm jars , truffle jars etc .", "for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the entry version : svm jars , truffle jars etc .", "for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the contains version : svm jars , truffle jars etc .", "for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the ! version : svm jars , truffle jars etc ."]
["create a geo circle of the right kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the cutoff kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the planet kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the cutoff given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the kind given the specified bounds ."]
["set the new type .", "set the new new type .", "set the type .", "new the node type .", "set the new ."]
["sets a new value by changing the offset and doc id .", "sets a new value by changing the offset .", "sets a new value by changing the offset and offset id .", "sets a new value by offset the offset and doc id .", "sets a new offset by changing the offset and doc id ."]
["the content hash hash of the file .", "the content hash of the file .", "the hash hash hash of the file .", "the hash hash of the file .", "the hash of the file ."]
["creates a list of files to check for credentials .", "creates a list of files to check for credentials .", "creates a list of files files to check for credentials .", "creates a list of check to check for credentials .", "creates a list of check files to check for credentials ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( planar + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( adapter + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of provider classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of module classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified names of provider classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified module names of provider classes ."]
["the key for a max value .", "the key for a max value , or null if everything is na n ( no max ) .", "the key for a max value ( no max ) .", "the key for a max value is na ( no max .", "the key for a max value is na ( no max ) ."]
["gets the grid for this column .", "gets the grid .", "gets the grid parent for this column .", "gets the grid parent .", "gets the grid generator for this column ."]
["whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned , gain + 1 / + 1", "whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned , gain + 1 1", "whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned , gain + 1", "whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned , gain + 1", "whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned + 1 / + 1"]
["gets the ibor volatilities name .", "gets the ibor caplet name .", "gets the ibor caplet .", "gets the ibor volatilities floorlet .", "gets the ibor volatilities ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["returns representing date of the last checkpoint before the given block height , for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen .", "returns a the date of the last checkpoint before the given block height , for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen .", "returns a date representing of last checkpoint before the given block height , for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen .", "returns a date of the last checkpoint before the for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen .", "returns representing the date of the last checkpoint before the given block height , for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the boolean .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["configures ssl or tls of the virtual template from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer .", "configures ssl or tls of the default template from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer .", "configures ssl or tls of the default host from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer .", "configures ssl or tls of the virtual host from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer .", "configures ssl or tls of the default host template from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer ."]
["if it fails , an exception is thrown and the optional lock will not be locked .", "if it fails , an exception is thrown and the count lock will not be locked .", "if it fails , an exception is thrown and the read optional will not be locked .", "if it fails , an exception is thrown will not be locked .", "if it fails , an exception is thrown and the optional will not be locked ."]
["returns true if the specified expected string name , is found within json array checks .", "returns true if the specified string name , is found within expected json array checks .", "returns true if the expected specified string name , is found within json array checks .", "returns true if the specified string name , is found within json array checks .", "returns true if the specified string expected name , is found within json array checks ."]
["create a new icrypter .", "create a new icrypter for the .", "create a new icrypter for context .", "create a new icrypter for the given", "create a new icrypter for the given ."]
["produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed semantic graph .", "produces a semantic graph with no extras .", "starts a collapsed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["work item lifecycle event and calls the # publish ( iwork item lifecycle event ) method", "iwork item lifecycle event and calls the # publish ( iwork item lifecycle event ) method", "work item lifecycle event and calls the # publish ( iwork item lifecycle event ) method", "work item lifecycle event and calls the # publish item lifecycle event ) method", "work item lifecycle event and calls the # publish ( iwork lifecycle event ) method"]
["gets the value . mutable for the keys # llama _ type llama variant .", "gets the value . mutable for the type # llama _ variant llama variant .", "gets the value . mutable for the keys # llama type llama variant .", "gets the value . mutable for the keys # llama _ type llama type .", "gets the value . mutable for the keys # type _ variant type variant ."]
["set a new jackson resources to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data .", "set a new resource resources to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data .", "set a new resources provider to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data .", "set a new resources to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data .", "set a new jackson resources provider to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data ."]
["lists a feedback entry with a specified ` feedback _ id ` .", "lists a feedback entry with a specified ` feedback id ` .", "lists a feedback entry with a specified feedback _ id .", "lists a feedback entry with a specified ` feedback _ feedback ` .", "lists a feedback entry with a specified ` feedback _ ."]
["adds a opens .", "adds a .", "adds an opens .", "returns an export .", "adds a opens opens ."]
["if the new address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and an ongoing update is failed .", "if the update address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and an ongoing handshake is failed .", "is the new address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and an ongoing handshake is failed .", "if the new address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and a ongoing handshake is failed .", "if the new address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and a ongoing handshake is failed ."]
["binds the specified service .", "http the specified service at the specified path pattern .", "binds the specified http at the specified path pattern .", "binds the specified service at the specified http pattern .", "binds http the specified service at the specified path pattern ."]
["maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all descriptor descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( descriptor descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to ( descriptor reference ( index descriptor2 ) ."]
["queries this contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact the given query string .", "queries this create contact contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact create for the given query string ."]
["returns the next value .", "get the next .", "get the next int .", "get the next value .", "get the next value ."]
["normalizes the specified uri and creates a new instance of this class .", "normalizes the specified creates a new instance of this class .", "normalizes the specified string and creates a new instance of this class .", "normalizes the specified url .", "uri the specified url and creates a new instance of this class ."]
["makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given method visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given visitor visit all of the method in this list .", "makes the given element visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given phaser visit all of the instructions in this list ."]
["removes the trace associated with this callable statement from the connection that created it .", "removes the trace associated with this statement from the connection that created it .", "returns the trace associated with this callable statement from the connection that created it .", "adds the trace associated with this callable statement from the connection that created it .", "removes the trace associated callable statement from the that created it ."]
["if you actual latency will be lower than \" slow call duration \" , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time", "if you actual latency will be lower than \" slow call duration latency \" , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time", "if you actual latency will be lower than \" operation slow call duration \" , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time", "if you actual latency will be lower than \" call call duration \" , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time", "if you actual latency will be lower than \" slow call duration , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time"]
["provide the implementation of the platform decoder for the current platform using the provided", "provide the implementation of the platform decoder for the platform using the provided", "provide the implementation of the platform decoder for the current platform", "provide the implementation of the platform decoder for the current platform", "provide the implementation decoder for current platform using the provided"]
["add partition of queue to consume", "add partition of queue buffer to consume", "add partition of buffer to queue", "add partition of buffer to consume", "add queue of buffer to consume"]
["rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "a subsumes b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected accuracy as ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["saves all account and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account .", "saves all writable account and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account .", "saves all account accounts and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account .", "saves account and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account .", "saves all account account and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account ."]
["returns the full set of traversal on the command line , including parsed intervals without merging intervals specified by the user on the command line .", "returns the full set of traversal parameters on the command line , including parsed intervals without merging intervals by the user on the command line .", "returns the full set of traversal parameters specified on the command line , including parsed intervals without merging intervals specified by the user on the command line .", "returns the full set of traversal parameters specified on the command line , including parsed intervals without intervals specified by the user on the command line .", "returns the full set of traversal parameters specified on the command line , including parsed intervals merging by the user on the command line ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sets html options # create overview field to true .", "sets html options # create overview field .", "sets options # create overview field to true .", "sets html options # overview field to true .", "sets html options # create overview field to ."]
["this operation requires the secrets / get permission .", "this operation requires the begin / get permission .", "this operation requires the secrets / returns permission .", "secrets / get permission .", "returns this operation requires the secrets / get permission ."]
["binds a new instance descriptor using the information from the jersey descriptor instance bean descriptor .", "binds a new instance binding using the information from the jersey binding instance bean binding .", "binds a new instance descriptor using the information from the jersey binding instance bean descriptor .", "binds a new binding descriptor using the information from the jersey descriptor binding bean descriptor .", "binds a new instance descriptor using the information from the instance bean descriptor ."]
["the flow exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur .", "the exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur .", "the messaging exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur .", "flow exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur .", "the flow exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur ."]
["adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a", "returns a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a message failed exception ."]
["if the option to use a central repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for use .", "if the repository to use a central repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for use .", "if the option to use a allow central repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for use .", "if the option to use a central repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for allow use .", "if the option to use a central allow repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for use ."]
["report the ending barline .", "report the ending barline part .", "report the barline .", "report the part barline .", "returns the ending barline ."]
["add a series for a x - y type chart using lists with error bars", "add a series for a x - y type using lists with error bars", "add a series for a x - y type chart lists with", "add a series for a x - y type chart using lists", "add a series for a x - y type chart using returns with error bars"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get the hex color for the primary displayed usernote of a user", "get the color for the primary displayed usernote of a user", "get the hex color for the primary displayed usernote of a user .", "get the hex color for the displayed usernote of a user", "returns the hex color for the primary displayed usernote of a user"]
["rotate this vector the specified axis about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians axis the given rotation axis .", "rotate this axis the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians about the given axis axis .", "axis this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis ."]
["does nothing if the given node is currently not visible or target is .", "does nothing if the given node is currently not visible or target is .", "does nothing if the given node is currently not visible is .", "does nothing if the given node is not visible or target is .", "does node if the given node is currently not visible or target is ."]
["tests that apply freeze .", "tests that freeze works .", "tests that apply freeze numerics .", "tests that freeze numerics works .", "tests that works ."]
["returns the value of the node as a module identifier .", "returns the value of the node as a module identifier , or null if the node is undefined .", "returns the value of the node as a module identifier", "returns the value of the node as a module identifier , .", "returns the value as a module identifier , or null if node is undefined ."]
["returns a lightweight , low - level preceding - child axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding - child iter axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level child - sibling axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding - sibling iter axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding - sibling axis iterator ."]
["testing the normalize ( vector ) and normalize equals ( vector ) methods of the vmath class .", "the normalize ( vector ) and normalize equals ( vector ) methods of the vmath class .", "0 the normalize ( vector ) and normalize equals ( vector ) methods of the vmath class .", "1e the normalize ( vector ) and normalize equals ( vector ) methods of the vmath class .", "testing the normalize and normalize equals methods of the vmath class ."]
["adds a ' following _ user ' type notification with the specified request json object .", "adds a ' _ following user ' type notification with the specified request json object .", "adds a _ ' following user ' type notification with the specified request json object .", "adds a ' following user ' type notification with the specified request json object .", "adds a ' user ' type notification with the specified request json object ."]
["turn a to iterable of either3 into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to reactive of either3 into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to x of either3 into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to reactive seq of either3 into a single either with lists of values .", "turn either3 into a single either with lists of values ."]
["tests xqarray # from ( value . . . ) .", "tests array # from ( value . . . ) .", "tests test # from ( value . . . ) .", "tests # from ( value . . . ) .", "tests object # from ( value . . . ) ."]
["ingest a matrix into an h2 o frame .", "ingest a matrix into an h2 frame .", "ingest a matrix into an o frame .", "ingest a matrix into h2 o frame .", "ingest a matrix into a h2 o frame ."]
["returns ids", "returns", "returns string", "returns accordion panes", "returns collapse"]
["same as # await result ( long , time unit ) , but throw interrupted exception and timeout exception as an operation cancellation .", "same as # await result ( long , time unit ) , but throw exception and timeout exception as an operation cancellation .", "same as # await result ( long , time unit ) , but throw and timeout exception as an operation cancellation .", "same as # await result ( time unit ) , but throw interrupted exception and timeout exception as an operation cancellation .", "same as # await result ( long time unit ) , but throw interrupted exception and exception as an operation cancellation ."]
["shows full - screen preview of the passed media", "shows full - screen preview of the passed media .", "shows full - screen preview of the passed position", "shows full - screen preview of the passed %UNK%", "shows full - screen preview of the passed position"]
["handles a streaming rpc callable with logging .", "handles a netty streaming callable with logging .", "handles a streaming callable with logging .", "handles a rpc callable with logging .", "handles a netty rpc streaming with logging ."]
["build an http no content without any content .", "no an http ok without any content .", "build an http no without any content .", "build an http ok .", "build an http content without any content ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["expression to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists and is unambiguous .", "returns the expression to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists and is unambiguous .", "returns the expression : \" if it exists and is unambiguous .", "returns the expression \" : : \" if it exists and is unambiguous .", "returns : \" if it exists and is unambiguous ."]
["determine type of a store base on a store database name .", "determine type of a store base on a store file name .", "determine type of a store base on a store file database .", "determine type of a store database on a store file name .", "determine type of a store base on a store file ."]
["set name of the resource db table .", "set resource of the cosmos db table .", "set name of the cosmos table .", "set properties of the cosmos db table .", "set name of the cosmos resource table ."]
["returns prefix length for this type .", "returns prefix length for this type .", "returns prefix int for this type .", "returns prefix for this type .", "returns prefix length length for this type ."]
["adds part of another token to the token .", "adds part of another token to .", "adds copy of another token to the token .", "adds part of to token .", "adds part of another token to the copy ."]
["and repository id = ? .", "and r id = ? .", "and type id = ? .", "and type = ? .", "and string id = ? ."]
["generates trits for a transaction .", "generates random trits .", "generates random trits for the transaction .", "generates random trits for transaction .", "generates random trits for a transaction ."]
["thread signaled test for predicate lock # wait for timeout or 60 ( )", "thread signaled test for predicate lock # wait for timeout or ( )", "thread signaled test for predicate lock # wait for timeout or 000 ( )", "thread signaled test for predicate lock # for timeout or forever ( )", "thread signaled test for predicate lock # wait ( )"]
["or throws a calendar no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such resource exception if it could not be found ."]
["n k . returns 0 if n is less than k .", "n choose k . returns 0 if n is less than k .", "choose k . returns 0 if is less than k .", "n lchoose k . returns 0 if n is less than k .", "n returns 0 if n is less than k ."]
["show toast for throwable", "show toast for exception", "show toast for", "show toast", "show toast for activity"]
["list a range of recording descriptors which match a channel fragment and stream id .", "list a range of recording descriptors which match a fragment and stream id .", "list a range of recording descriptors which match a channel and stream id .", "list a range of recording descriptors which match a fragment <INSERT_END> and stream id .", "list a range of recording descriptors which channel fragment a channel and stream id ."]
["register the runnable to process the specific p transform id .", "register the runnable to process the specific metric p transform id .", "register the labels to process the specific p transform id .", "updates the runnable to process the specific p transform id .", "p transform id ."]
["computation of the inverse covariance matrix .", "update computation of the inverse covariance matrix .", "update of the inverse covariance matrix .", "robust computation of the inverse covariance .", "cholesky computation of the inverse covariance matrix ."]
["see the blowfish cipher service class - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own .", "see the cipher service cipher class - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own .", "see the blowfish service class - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own .", "see the blowfish blowfish service class - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own .", "see the blowfish cipher cipher service - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own ."]
["get the channel parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay channel .", "get the channel parameter for the cluster log .", "get the channel parameter for the cluster log and snapshot state channel .", "get the state parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay state .", "get the state parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay channel ."]
["reset the leader election throttles .", "reset the throttles election throttle .", "reset the leader throttles throttle .", "reset the leader election throttles .", "reset the election throttles ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given rotate to this matrix ."]
["fetches the configuration settings that match the options .", "fetches the configuration settings .", "fetches configuration the configuration settings that match the options .", "fetches the configuration settings", "fetches the options in the given configuration settings that match the options ."]
["autodetect a free marker config object via the application context .", "autodetect a free marker config object via the application context .", "autodetect a free marker config object via the context .", "autodetect a free marker config object via the application context .", "autodetect marker config object via the application context ."]
["invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue and is starting to execute at a local execution site", "invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue and is starting to execute at a local execution site", "invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue _ exec and is starting to execute at a local execution site", "invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue and is starting to execute at a local execution queue _ exec", "invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue and is starting to execute at a local"]
["then return all - height to get the trapped water", "then return - height to get the trapped water", "then return all height to get the trapped water", "then return all - blocks to get the trapped water", "then return all - right to get the trapped water"]
["delete radius configuration # # # functional description : delete existing radius configuration .", "delete radius configuration functional description : delete existing radius configuration .", "configuration # # functional description : delete existing radius configuration .", "# functional description : delete existing radius configuration .", "# # functional description : delete existing radius configuration ."]
["check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy object .", "check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy .", "check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy member .", "check whether the given member proxy member of a proxy object .", "check whether the given member member of proxy object ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get the normalized variation of information ( normalized , 0 = equal ) nvi = 1 - nmi _ joint", "get the normalized variation of information , 0 nvi = 1 - nmi _ joint", "get the variation of information ( normalized , 0 = equal ) nvi = 1 _ joint", "get the variation of information ( normalized , 0 = equal ) nvi = 1 nmi _ joint", "get the normalized variation of information nvi = 1 - nmi _ joint"]
["generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es ."]
["returns the jdbc connection # user name property .", "returns the jdbc connection # user property .", "returns the jdbc connection # name name property .", "returns the user name connection # username property .", "returns the jdbc connection # user name ."]
["when the insertion is complete , the tracker will be count up latch # count up ( ) incremented by 1 .", "when the insertion is complete , the ticker will be count up latch # count up ( ) incremented by tracker .", "when the insertion is complete , the ticker will be count up latch # count up ( ) incremented by 1 .", "when the insertion is tracker , the ticker will be count up latch # count up ( ) incremented by 1 .", "when the insertion is complete , the ticker will be count up latch # tracker up ( ) incremented by 1 ."]
["calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of contacts", "calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of", "calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of contacts", "calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of contacts", "calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list"]
["converts milliseconds to a string containing hours", "converts milliseconds to a string containing hours and minutes", "converts milliseconds to a string containing hours and first", "converts milliseconds to a string containing hours and minutes .", "converts milliseconds to a string containing first and minutes"]
["web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of actions should be associated with a web", "web page on a job - by - job basis thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page ."]
["returns the price that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the traded price that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the traded that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the price traded , in decimal form .", "gets the price , in decimal ."]
["create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , services and time window .", "create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , bit running and time window .", "create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , bit set and time window .", "create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , bit and time window .", "create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , bit running services and time window ."]
["in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption", "for more information , see availability zone in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption .", "for more information , see availability availability zone in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption .", "in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption .", "zone in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption ."]
["rx ratpack . promise all ( new async service ( ) . observe ( \" foo \" ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;", "rx ratpack . promise ( new async promise all ( ) . observe ( \" foo \" ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;", "rx ratpack . ( new async service ( ) promise . all observe ( \" foo \" ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;", "rx ratpack . all ( new async service ( ) . observe ( \" foo \" ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;", "rx promise all . promise ( new async service ( ) . observe ( \" foo \" ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;"]
["returns all the push notifications devices where u = ? .", "returns all the push notifications u where platform = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where u ids = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where u _ p = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where u _ = ? ."]
["| then we can use this range we retrieve levels from the map .", "| then we can use this col we retrieve levels from the map .", "| then we can use this range we retrieve levels .", "then we can use this range we retrieve levels from the map .", "| then we can use this range we retrieve levels from the col ."]
["gets the user ' s avatar url , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the user ' s avatar url , if present .", "gets the user ' s avatar url .", "gets the user ' s avatar url present and in .", "gets the user ' s avatar url if present and ."]
["return if type itokenizer # tf _ common _ word is set .", "return if itoken itokenizer # tf _ common _ word is set .", "return if type itokenizer # tf _ common _ word is set .", "return if itoken itokenizer # tf _ common _ word is set .", "return if itokenizer # tf _ common _ word is set ."]
["calls # reset ( ) and releases any held drm session .", "calls # reset ( ) and releases any held drm resources .", "calls # reset ( ) and releases any held drm session references .", "calls # reset ( ) and releases any held session resources .", "calls # reset ( ) and releases any held drm references ."]
["removes extension from the list of child packet extensions .", "removes given extension from the list of child extensions .", "removes from the list of child packet extensions .", "removes given extension element from the list of child extensions .", "removes given packet extension from the list of child packet extensions ."]
["prepare params event for execution on agent .", "prepare task event for execution on agent .", "set task event for execution on agent .", "params task event for execution on agent .", "task event for execution on agent ."]
["this method returns an interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "this method returns an interface that is both \" up \" and supports network .", "this method returns a interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "an interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "this method returns interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast ."]
["return true if the given cms tree item .", "return true if the given cms tree item or its child is selected .", "return true if the given cms tree child or its children is selected .", "return true if the given cms child item or its children is selected .", "return true if the given child tree item or its children is selected ."]
["note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note : note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or perform any .", "note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct", "note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject default context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle ."]
["amazon glacier retains recently completed jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs .", "glacier retains recently completed jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs .", "note : amazon glacier retains recently jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs .", "note : amazon glacier retains completed jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs .", ": amazon glacier retains recently completed jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs ."]
["appends the information about the given handle to # string builder buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # string buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # handle builder buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # handle builder handle builder ."]
["handler method converting a connection into a restlet call .", "handler method converting a channel connection into a restlet call .", "handler method converting a jetty channel into a restlet call .", "handler method converting a jetty connection into a restlet call .", "handler method converting a jetty connection ."]
["the timestamp for creation of the synonym .", "the timestamp creation of .", "the timestamp for creation synonym .", "the created for creation of the synonym .", "the timestamp ."]
["returns the skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) sample of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a sample", "returns the ( sample ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) sample kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset"]
["remove space for sql expression", "remove space for sql expression", "remove space for sql expression parentheses", "remove space for sql expression", "remove space for expression and outside parentheses"]
["reads the inbound request headers from the request and sets them on the api request .", "reads the inbound request headers from the request and sets them on the service api .", "reads the inbound request headers from the request and sets them on the request .", "reads the inbound request headers from the request and sets them service on the api .", "reads the service api headers from the request and sets them on the service request ."]
["returns the input stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output stream of this message content .", "returns the stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output of this message content .", "returns the cached stream of this message content ."]
["the value is artifact file file metadata # placeholder if the artifact ' s metadata is not fully captured in # additional output data .", "the value file is artifact value # placeholder if the artifact ' s metadata is not fully captured in # additional output data .", "the value is file artifact file metadata # placeholder if the artifact ' s metadata is file not fully captured in # additional output data .", "the value is artifact file metadata # placeholder if the artifact ' s metadata is not fully captured in # additional output data .", "the value file # placeholder if the artifact ' metadata is not fully captured in # additional output data ."]
["currently , sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports flat , tunnel and vlan modes .", "sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports tunnel , vxlan and vlan modes .", "currently sona supports flat , vxlan and ."]
["returns true if this module reflectively exports the given package package to the given module .", "returns true if this module exports the given package package to the given module .", "returns true if this module reflectively exports the given package package to the given module .", "returns true if this module reflectively reflectively the given package package to the given module .", "returns true if this module reflectively the given package package to the given module ."]
["search for package name in the sorted regular expression list , if found return the group name .", "search for element name in the sorted regular expression list , if found return the group name .", "search for package name in the sorted element expression list , if found return the group name .", "search for package name in the sorted regular expression list .", "search for package name in the element regular expression list , if found return the group name ."]
["returns the key frames [ ] array where all the t of the animation are stored .", "returns the key frames [ ] array where all the texture regions of the animation are stored .", "returns the key frames [ ] array where all the regions of the animation are stored .", "returns the key frames [ ] array where all the t regions of the animation are stored .", "returns the key frames [ ] array where all the region of the animation are stored ."]
["get the current request context . instance request scope instance and mark it as suspended .", "get the current request . instance request scope instance and mark it as suspended .", "", "request .", "request context ."]
["whether to group the rest resources together .", "whether to group the rest resources .", "rest resources together .", "returns to group the rest resources together .", "group the rest resources together ."]
["assign measure voices to the chords that have no voice assigned yet .", "assign voices to the chords that have no voice assigned yet .", "measure available voices to the chords that have no voice assigned yet .", "assign available voices to the measure that have no voice assigned yet .", "measure assign available voices to the chords that have no voice assigned yet ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["ensures server received request .", "ensures extensions received authentication request .", "ensures received authentication request .", "ensures server authentication request .", "ensures server received authentication request ."]
["the data will be converted to a type .", "the stream will be converted to a type .", "the will be converted to a type .", "the cache will be converted to a type .", "the data frame will be converted to a type ."]
["returns true if the given class loader is in the system domain in which all permissions are granted .", "returns if the given class loader is in the system domain in which all permissions are granted .", "returns true if the class loader is in the system domain in which all permissions are granted .", "returns true if the given class loader is in the system domain .", "returns true if the given class loader is in the system domain in which all class are granted ."]
["because the number of workflow history events for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages .", "for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages .", "because the for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages .", "for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages", "the number of workflow history events for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages ."]
["the default r is r # day since vaadin version .", "the default resolution is r # day since vaadin version .", "the default r is resolution # day since vaadin version .", "the default resolution is resolution # day since vaadin version .", "the is resolution # day since vaadin version ."]
["returns .", "returns collapse .", "returns expanded accordion panes .", "returns panes .", "returns collapse panes ."]
["initializes the execution .", "returns the execution of a task .", "initializes the execution of the task .", "initializes this execution of a task .", "initializes this of a task ."]
["removes the specified properties of the metadata entity .", "removes the specified properties of the entity metadata entity .", "removes the specified properties of the namespaced entity id .", "removes the specified properties of the", "removes the specified properties of the entity id ."]
["called in response to the rcontext # dispose method .", "called in response to the rcontext # destroy method .", "called in response to the rcontext # method .", "called in response to the dispose # destroy method .", "called in response to the # destroy method ."]
["each class must represent an component class .", "each class must represent a component class .", "each class must represent a class .", "each class must component an annotated class .", "each class must represent an load class ."]
["add the specified store to the cache .", "add the specified graph to the store .", "add the specified store store to the cache .", "store the specified graph to the cache .", "add the specified graph store ."]
["high order byte is server id , next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s .", "order byte is server id , next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s .", "high order byte is next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s .", "byte is server id , next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s .", "high order byte is id , next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s ."]
["common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin", "common test method to be able to check security from any authentication", "common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin .", "test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin", "common test method to be able to check security"]
["an example of a valid direction is new block vector3 ( 1 , 0 , 1 ) .", "an example of a valid direction is new vector3 vector3 ( 1 , 0 , 1 ) .", "an example of a valid direction is new block ( 1 , 0 , 1 ) .", "an example of a valid direction is new 0 , 1 ) .", "an example of a valid direction is new block vector3 , 0 , 1 ) ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for blob client builder # build client ( ) ."]
["pauses all paused .", "pauses all 1 .", "pauses all downloads .", "pauses all downloads .", "pauses all pause ."]
["decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of logging events", "decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of logging . events", "decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of events", "decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of logging events .", "decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of"]
["checks whether or not resources in the root folder can be access .", "checks whether or not resources in the root can be access .", "checks whether or not resources in the root - inf folder can be access .", "checks whether or not resources in the folder can be access .", "checks whether or not in the web root folder can be access ."]
["get name .", "get tab .", "get data .", "get required .", "get eingabegruppe ."]
["compare the two queues containing operator / task output by converting them to an array first .", "compare the two queues containing operator output by converting them to an array first .", "compare the two queues containing operator / task output by converting them to an array .", "compare the two queues containing operator / task output converting them to .", "compare the two queues containing operator output by converting them to an array first ."]
["wrapper for close of result set which removes this result set from being traced then calls close on the original result set .", "statement for close of result set which removes this result set from being traced then calls close on the original result set .", "wrapper for close of result set which removes this result set from being traced calls close on the original result set .", "wrapper for close of result set which removes this result set from being statement then calls close on the original result set .", "wrapper for close of statement set which removes this statement set from being traced then calls close on the original statement set ."]
["sets the character used to indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row .", "sets the single used to indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row .", "sets the used to indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row .", "sets the indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row .", "sets the comments to indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row ."]
["the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context .", "the request thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . request scope request ."]
["and \" . . \" in file zero .", "and \" . . \" in file", ". . \" in file names .", ". \" in file names .", "and \" . . \" in file file ."]
["parses the vector2 represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the vector2 by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the vector2 represented by the given string according to the format of to string ( ) .", "parses the set represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) ."]
["returns the body annotations .", "returns the function body .", "returns the function annotations .", "returns the body .", "returns the body annotations ."]
["configure a rsocket outbound gateway . interaction for rsocket request type .", "configure a rsocket outbound gateway . interaction model for rsocket request type .", "configure outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type .", "configure a interaction outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type .", "configure a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type ."]
["inserts a set to the dataset", "inserts a set to the dataset .", "inserts a set to the dataset", "inserts a set to the int", "inserts a set to the %UNK%"]
["handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / display name", "handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service"]
["then log4j invokes the # process type name ( string ) method to set the value of # m appender name .", "then log4j invokes the # set appender name ( string ) method to set the value of # process type .", "then log4j invokes the # set type name ( string ) method to set the value of # m appender name .", "then log4j invokes the # # process name ( string ) method to set the value of # m appender name .", "then log4j invokes the # # process type name ( string ) method to set the value of # m appender name ."]
["returns the status with the primary key or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found .", "returns the status with the primary key liferay . chat . no such status exception if it could not be found .", "returns the status with the primary key or throws a chat no such status exception if it could not be found .", "returns the status with the primary key or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found", "returns the status with the primary key or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found ."]
["after you create a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", ", you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "note : important : after you create a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "important : important : after you create a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "for more information , see important : after you create a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group ."]
["sets the state attribute of this user element to state", "sets the state attribute of this element user to state", "sets the state attribute of the element user to state", "sets the state attribute of this element to state", "sets the state attribute of this user to state"]
["this call returns true in the interpreter or a low grade compilation that does profiling .", "this call returns true in the grade or a low tier compilation that does profiling .", "this call returns true in the interpreter or a grade tier compilation that does profiling .", "this call returns true in the interpreter or a low tier compilation that does profiling .", "this call returns true in the interpreter or a low tier compilation that does grade ."]
["returns the host associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject .", "returns the associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject .", "returns the string associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject .", "returns host associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject .", "returns the host host associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject ."]
["code snippet for append blob async client # create with response ( blob http headers , map , blob access conditions )", "code snippet for append blob async client # create with response ( http headers httpheaders , map , blob access conditions )", "code snippet for append blob async client # create with response ( blob http , map , blob access conditions )", "code snippet for append blob async client # create with response ( blob http headers , map , blob access conditions )", "code snippet for append http headers async client # create with response ( http headers httpheaders , map http headers blob access conditions )"]
["delay | cron", "class | delay | cron", "class | task | cron", "task | delay | cron", "class | cron"]
["the returned context reference is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned context context is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned context is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned context reference is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned context reference reference is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast ."]
["converts short duration string to milliseconds .", "converts short duration string mm ) to milliseconds .", "converts short duration string ) to milliseconds .", "converts short duration string ( duration - hh : mm ) to milliseconds .", "converts short duration string ( duration , hh : mm ) to milliseconds ."]
["returns a new fresh folder with the given name under the temporary folder .", "returns a new with the given name under the temporary folder .", "returns a new folder with the given name under the temporary folder .", "returns a new file folder with the given name under the temporary folder .", "returns a new fresh folder with the given file under the temporary folder ."]
["adds a new constant _ double _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a new constant _ integer _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a _ double _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a new integer _ double _ info to the integer pool of this symbol table .", "returns a new constant _ double _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table ."]
["timed invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "timed invoke all returns empty collection", "timed invoke all ( ) returns collection", "timed invoke all collection ) returns empty collection", "timed invoke all ( empty list ) returns empty list"]
["created by user info", "created", "created by user info", "created info", "created by info"]
["# # # effects : if ` branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied .", "# # # effects : if branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied .", "if ` branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied .", "# # # if ` branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied .", "# # # effects : ` branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) ."]
["when translated into a input query term object , search terms containing an operator have the operator removed from the string representation .", "when translated into a query term object , search terms containing an operator have the operator removed from the string representation .", "when translated into a query input term object , search terms containing an operator have the operator removed from the string representation .", "when translated into a query term object , search terms containing an operator have input the operator removed from the string representation .", "when translated into a term object , search terms containing an operator have the operator removed from the string representation ."]
["this method is currently only used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for root serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching ."]
["appends cc address .", "appends bcc cc .", "appends address .", "cc bcc address .", "bcc address ."]
["look for contract stored by given slot contract id .", "look for contract stored .", "look for contract stored by given contract id .", "look for contract stored by slot contract id .", "look for stored by given slot id ."]
["sets the cache for the given application .", "sets the iclass cache .", "sets the iclass cache for the given application .", "set the iclass cache for the given application .", "sets the iclass cache for the given class application ."]
["tests for the base file system # open file ( alluxio uri , open file poptions ) method to complete successfully .", "tests for the base file system # open file ( alluxio uri , open file options ) method to complete successfully .", "tests for the base file system # open file ( alluxio uri , ) method to complete successfully .", "tests for the base poptions system # open poptions ( alluxio uri , open poptions options ) method to complete successfully .", "tests for the poptions file system # open file ( alluxio uri , open file options ) method to complete successfully ."]
["if there is any regular output or error output , it is appended to the given s .", "if there is any regular output or , it is appended to the given s .", "if there is any regular output , it is appended to the given s .", "if there is any regular output error output , .", "if there is any regular output error output , ."]
["calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held drm session .", "calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held drm resources .", "calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held drm session references .", "calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held session resources .", "calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held resources ."]
["the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "measured from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "this is measured from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level % corresponds to the smallest % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "this is measured from the bottom the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level ."]
["add a uri to observe", "add a content uri", "add a content uri to observe", "add a content uri to", "add a content to observe"]
["preference summary should be the activated device name", "preference summary should be the device name", "preference summary should be the device device name", "preference summary should be the activated device device", "preference summary should be the connectable device name"]
["this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # _ argument _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type type argument ."]
["differs from the above because it can be used on any file , rather than only managed commit log segments ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) .", "differs from the above because it can be used on any file , than only managed commit log segments ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) .", "differs from the above because it can be used on the file , rather than only managed commit log segments ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) .", "differs from the above because it can be used on any file , rather than only managed commit log %UNK% ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) .", "note : differs from the above because it can be used on any file , rather than only managed commit log segments ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) ."]
["gets the code .", "gets the query .", "gets the code .", "gets the code code .", "gets the short ."]
["parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )", "parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order", "parses the timestamp from the collection list returns them in reverse sorted order (", "parses the timestamp from the aliases list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )", "parses the timestamp and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )"]
["does a simple head request to the server ' s / health endpoint to check if it ' s reachable if not an", "does a simple head request to the server ' s endpoint to check if it ' s reachable if not an", "does a simple head request to the server ' s health endpoint to check if it ' s reachable if not an", "does a simple head request to the server ' s to check if it ' s reachable if not an", "does a simple head request to the server s / to check if it ' s reachable if not an"]
["code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream , long , append blob request conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream , append blob request conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream , long", "code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream , long", "code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream ,"]
["returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified .", "returns type if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified type class .", "returns true if the class has the specified annotation type ."]
["a typical use case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to convert parameter names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to returns index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to convert md names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for a system ."]
["there are cases where a type is seen as unresolved but can be found amongst the imports of the module or within the default imports .", "there are cases where a type is seen as unresolved but can be found amongst the imports of the module imports .", "there are cases where a type is seen as but can be found amongst the imports of the module or within the default imports .", "there are cases where a type is seen as unresolved can be found amongst the imports of the module or within the default imports .", "there are cases where a type is seen as unresolved but can be found amongst the imports of the module imports ."]
["checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a qualified class to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified name .", "checks a name to qualified that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks an name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name ."]
["returns the log writer .", "returns the log log .", "returns the log log writer .", "returns the log writer writer .", "returns the writer compactor ."]
["this property is not returned if the dialog node has no parent .", "this property is returned if the dialog node has no parent .", "this property is not returned if the dialog node has the parent .", "this property is not returned if this dialog node has no parent .", "this property is not returned if this node has no parent ."]
["parses sparse vector from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses sparse vector from the given matrix market string .", "parses sparse vector from the given matrix market input .", "parses sparse vector from the given matrix market stream .", "parses sparse vector from the given input stream market string ."]
["code snippets for blob async client # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders ( http headers httpheaders )", "code snippets ( http headers async client # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )", "code snippets for blob async client # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # set ( blob http headers )"]
["get the gradle paths for the given list of module and all the tested projects ( if it is a test app ) .", "get the gradle paths for the given module of modules and all the tested projects ( if it is a test app ) .", "get the gradle module for the given list of modules and all the tested projects ( if it is a test app ) .", "get the gradle paths for the given list of modules ( if it is a test app ) .", "get the gradle paths for the given list of modules ."]
["getter for # allow headers", "getter for # headers", "getter for # expose headers", "getter for expose headers", "getter for # allow allow headers"]
["creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket serializable consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag ."]
["accumulate secondarys into a lazy seq ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate secondarys into a lazy seq concat ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate secondarys into a lazy ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate secondarys into a lazy seq x ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate secondarys into a linked list ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function"]
["retrieves the position in the list corresponding to item id .", "retrieves the position in the list corresponding to id .", "returns the position in the list corresponding to item id .", "retrieves the position in the list corresponding to item id .", "retrieves the position corresponding to item ."]
["configures ssl or tls of the default host from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file .", "configures ssl or tls of the default template from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file .", "configures ssl or tls of the virtual template from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file .", "configures ssl or tls of the virtual host from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file .", "configures ssl or tls of the default virtual template from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file ."]
["phone number", "phone handler", "phone", "phone set", "number"]
["set the number of expected for this task .", "set the number of expected records for this task .", "set the number of expected records .", "set the number of expected records .", "sets the number of expected records for this task ."]
["the rating given a sparse appender vector", "predict predict the rating given sparse appender vector", "predict predict the rating given a sparse appender vector .", "predict predict the rating given a appender vector", "predict predict the rating given a sparse appender"]
["each of the available players is passed the provided information and the first that reports it is compatible will be returned .", "each of the available players is passed the provided information will be returned .", "the available players is passed the provided information and the first that reports it is compatible will be returned .", "each of the available players is passed the provided player and the first that reports it is compatible will be returned .", "each of the available players is passed the provided information and the player that reports it is compatible will be returned ."]
["adding fields to a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "fields to a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "test fields to a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "adding fields to a pojo should require a state migration .", "adding fields to a pojo as operator state should require a state migration ."]
["set the sensitivity .", "add the sensitivity .", "returns the sensitivity .", "set the set .", "set the ."]
["requests that the player prepare a media item with the media id for playback .", "requests that the prepare prefetch a media item with the media id for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a media item with the prepare id for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a media item with the media id for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a media item with the prepare id for playback ."]
["creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "returns a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates updates the content of an existing block blob ."]
["get the e property : the e property .", "get the e tag property : the e tag property .", "get the e tag property : the e tag property .", "get property : etag property .", "get the e tag property : the etag property ."]
["causes to have its method called in the event dispatch thread", "causes to have its method called in the event dispatch thread .", "causes to have its method called in the event dispatch thread low priority .", "causes to have its method called in the event dispatch thread low priority .", "causes to have its method called in the event default thread with low priority ."]
["checks if the deletion policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion policy can release some commits commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the returns policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion commits can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .", "checks if the deletion policy can returns some index commits with the latest global checkpoint ."]
["removing fields from a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo .", "test fields from a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo as field state should require a state migration ."]
["when a layout is rendered in the layout , it is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it should see all the resources just like the app does .", "when is rendered in the layout , it is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it should see all the resources just like the app does .", "when an is rendered in the layout , it is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it should see all the resources just like the app does .", "when a not is rendered in the layout , it is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it should see all the resources just like the app does .", "a layout is rendered in the layout , is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it resources just like the app does ."]
["enables initial ping barrier before any connection is usable .", "enables initial @ literal ping barrier before any version is usable .", "enables initial @ literal ping version before any connection is usable .", "enables initial protocol ping barrier before any connection is usable .", "enables initial protocol version ping barrier before any connection is usable ."]
["get the content of this element .", "gets the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get the content of this content .", "get a content of this element ."]
["extract the values of given field or property from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "object the values of given field or property from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the values of given field from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the values of given field ' s elements under test into a new , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract becoming the array under test ."]
["converts a json document into a pdx instance", "converts a json document into a pdx instance .", "converts a json document into a instance", "returns a json document into a pdx instance", "converts an json document into an pdx instance"]
["gets the current art type value represented by this painting .", "gets the current art value represented by this painting .", "gets the current value type value represented by this painting .", "gets the current art art type represented by this painting .", "gets the current type value represented by this painting ."]
["in error message , exclude @ rultor from list of commanders ( ref ) .", "in error message , exclude list of commanders ( ref ) .", "in error message , exclude from list of commanders ( ref ) .", "in error message , excludes @ rultor from list of commanders ( ref ) .", "in error message , exclude excludes from list of commanders ( ref ) ."]
["element # get text ( ) equals to provided expected text .", "web element # get ( ) equals to provided expected .", "web element # get text ( ) equals to provided text .", "web element # get text equals to provided expected text .", "web element # ( ) equals to provided expected text ."]
["set upc / ean .", "set upc .", "set upc _ cu / ean .", "set ean _ cu / ean .", "set upc no / ean ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener ( ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call ( ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can listener ( ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener ( ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can interface ( ) for important security - related information ."]
["they must not be of amount swap known amount payment period .", "they must not be of type known amount swap payment period .", "they must not be of type swap known amount payment period .", "they must not be of swap type known amount payment period .", "they must not be of type known type swap payment period ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["checks whether caption and description are interpreted as html plain text .", "checks whether caption are interpreted as html or plain text .", "checks whether caption and description are interpreted as html text .", "checks whether caption description are interpreted as html or text .", "checks whether caption and description are interpreted as html ."]
["determines if this beacon manager instance is part of the process hosting the beacon scanning service .", "determines if this beacon manager instance is part of the different hosting the beacon scanning service .", "determines if this beacon manager instance is different of the process hosting the beacon scanning service .", "determines if this beacon manager instance is part of the process the beacon scanning service .", "determines if this beacon manager instance is part of the process different the beacon scanning service ."]
["the domain portion of the mbean name in the query if use obj domain is set to true 3 . else , the class name of the mbean .", "the domain portion of the object name in the query if use obj domain is set to mbean 3 . else , the class name of the mbean .", "the domain portion of the mbean identifier name in the query if use obj domain is set to true 3 . else , the class name of the mbean .", "the domain portion of the object name in the query if mbean obj domain is set to true 3 . else , the class name of the mbean .", "the domain portion of the object name in the query if use mbean domain is set to true 3 . else , the class name of the mbean ."]
["forget all entries that match the scheme + authority + port of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again .", "forget all entries that match the scheme + scheme + port of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again .", "forget all entries that match the scheme + all scheme of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again .", "forget all entries that match the scheme + all scheme of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again .", "forget all entries that match the scheme + all scheme of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again ."]
["keys are separated by # separator .", "keys and values are separated by separator .", "keys and values are separated by # entry .", "keys and values are separated by # parse .", "keys and values are separated ."]
["set the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "set the long a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "set the time a publication will linger in long after being drained .", "sets the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "set the time a publication will linger in linger after being drained ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . create subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . create subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . create # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . create subdirectory directory # string"]
["created by user info", "created by user info", "created", "created info", "created by info"]
["retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata entity ."]
["blob range , parallel transfer options , download options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "blob range , parallel transfer options , download retry options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "blob range , parallel transfer options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "blob range , parallel transfer options , download download retry , blob request conditions , boolean )", "blob range retry , parallel transfer retry , , download retry , retry , retry , request conditions , boolean )"]
["request for graceful hard stop then blocks until process is stopped .", "request for hard stop then blocks until process is stopped .", "request for graceful stop then blocks until hard process is stopped .", "request for graceful stop then blocks until process is stopped .", "request for stop then blocks until process is stopped ."]
["for now , just consume the message and throw it away .", "for now , just consume the message .", "just consume the message and throw it away .", ", just consume the message and throw it away .", "for now , just read the message and throw it away ."]
["this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # offset reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class bound reader ( string ) signature reader ) ."]
["converts a create file poptions object to an open file poptions object with a matching alluxio storage type .", "converts a poptions file options object to an open file options object with a matching alluxio storage type .", "converts a create file object to an open file poptions object with a matching alluxio storage type .", "converts a create poptions options object to an open poptions options object with a matching alluxio storage type .", "converts a create file ptype object to an open file ptype object with a matching alluxio storage type ."]
["called when the user reorders the policies in a api .", "called when the user reorders the policies in a policy .", "called when the user reorders the policies in a api type .", "called when the user reorders the policies in a policy type .", "called when the user reorders the policies in a api version ."]
["this lacks a mathematical argument , but is a handcrafted heuristic to avoid numerical problems .", "this lacks a mathematical , but is a handcrafted heuristic to avoid numerical problems .", "this lacks a mathematical argument to avoid numerical problems .", "this lacks a mathematical argument .", "this lacks a mathematical argument problems ."]
["tests recommend ( set , int , set , set ) .", "tests recommend related items ( set , int , set , set ) .", "tests recommend related ( set , int , set , set ) .", "tests long ( set , int , set , set ) .", "tests recommend items items ( set , int , set , set ) ."]
["setter for the directory where the data files are stored .", "setter for the data files are stored .", "for the output directory where the data files are stored .", "setter output directory where the data files are stored .", "setter for the directory where data files are stored ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of query the flux will error ."]
["you do not call", "note that you do not call gateway", "note that you do not call route", "note that you do not call resource decision .", "note that you do not call gateway decision ."]
["adds a qualified \" opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" opens \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" dynamic opens directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration ."]
["if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value .", "2 . if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value .", "| 2 . if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value .", "| vertical . if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value .", ". if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value ."]
["queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search create contact source for the given query string .", "queries this source for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this create source for the given query string ."]
["gets the iterable of certificate properties certificate properties on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of certificate properties certificate properties on this page .", "gets the certificate properties certificate properties on this page .", "gets the elements of certificate properties certificate properties on this page .", "gets the stream of certificate properties certificate properties on this page ."]
["users cannot poke the threshold values via this condition .", "users cannot poke the threshold values via this condition within .", "users cannot poke the within values via this condition .", "users cannot poke the threshold values via this within .", "users cannot poke the threshold values via this within condition ."]
["parses the rectangle represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the rectangle represented by the given string according to the format of to string ( ) .", "parses the rectangle by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the set represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) ."]
["set noun of the noun .", "name of the noun .", "noun name of the noun .", "set name of the noun .", "sets name of the noun ."]
["delegateaction to the track clicked on .", "delegateaction to the track ( s ) clicked on .", "delegateaction to the igv track ( s ) clicked on .", "delegateaction to the track ( s igv ) clicked on .", "delegateaction to the igv ( s ) clicked on ."]
["receive metrics result from persistence , after it is saved into storage .", "receive result from persistence , after it is saved into storage .", "receive reference result from persistence , after it is saved into storage .", "indicator result from persistence , after it is saved into storage .", "receive indicator result from persistence , after it is saved into storage ."]
["sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the serializer , returning the builder for method chaining ."]
["return the base graph from the underlying switchable .", "return the base from the underlying switchable .", "return the graph from the underlying switchable .", "returns the graph from the underlying switchable .", "return the graph base from the underlying switchable ."]
["( try to ) create a flag inter ( either standard flag inter or flag inter ) .", "create a flag inter ( either standard flag inter or small flag inter ) .", "( try to ) create a valid added flag inter ( either standard flag inter or small flag inter ) .", "( try to ) create a flag inter ( either standard flag inter or valid flag inter ) .", "( try to ) create a flag inter ( either standard flag inter or new flag inter ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["if the new lookup class is not within the same package member as the old one , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance .", "if the lookup class is not within the same package member as the old one , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance .", "if the new lookup class is not within the same package member as the one , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance .", "if the new lookup class is not within the package member as the old one , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance .", "if the new lookup class is not within the same package member as the old , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified ibor name ."]
["report the name of the sample sheet that contains the provided sample .", "report the descriptor of the sample sheet that contains the provided sample .", "report the string of the sample sheet that contains the provided sample .", "report the sample sheet that contains the provided sample .", "name the id of the sample sheet that contains the provided sample ."]
["the format used is iso 8601 - like : hh : m : s . s .", "the format used is iso 8601 - like : m : s . s .", "the format used is iso 8601 - like : hh : s . s .", "the format used is iso hh - like : h : m : s . s .", "the format used is iso 8601 - hh : h : m : s . s ."]
["get the object , and return it , throws string exception", "get the string , and return it , throws runtime exception", "get the object , and return it , throws runtime exception", "get the object , and return it , throws runtime exception .", "get the object , and return it , throws exception"]
["this polling job tries to find another upn p devices related to same samsung tv and create handler for those .", "p devices related to same samsung tv and create handler for those .", "upn p devices related to same samsung tv and create handler for those .", "this polling job tries to find another upn p devices related to same samsung tv and handler for those .", "this job tries to find another upn p devices related to same samsung tv and create handler for those ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . delete subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . sub subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . delete subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . delete subdirectory directory # string"]
["if label = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if label filter = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if labels = \" label 0 \" , settings without any label are returned ."]
["the namespace document is a bson document containing the values associated with a mongo namespace .", "the namespace document is a bson document containing the values associated with a namespace .", "containing the values associated with a mongo namespace", "the namespace document is a document containing the values associated with a mongo", "bson document containing the values associated with a mongo namespace ."]
["returns a language that returns the current language instance .", "returns a reference that returns the current language instance .", "returns a lookup that returns the current language instance .", "returns a language reference that returns the current language instance .", "returns a reference reference that returns the current language instance ."]
["after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the resumed state .", "after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the resumed case .", "after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the lifecycle case .", "after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the lifecycle state and %UNK% .", "after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the lifecycle state and stopped ."]
["create an instance of ctrel", "create an instance of ctrel ctrel", "create an instance of ctweb properties", "create an instance of", "create an instance of ctrel"]
["classification id ( for files only ) : ` 2 ` - public ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential", "classification id ( for files only ) : ` 1 ` - 2 ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential", "classification id ( for files only ) : ` 1 ` - public ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential", "classification 2 ( for files only ) : ` 1 ` - public ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential", "classification id ( for 2 only ) : ` 1 ` - public ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential"]
["appends to a collection column , as in set l + = ? .", "appends to a collection column = ? .", "appends to a collection column ? .", "appends to the collection column , as in set l + = ? .", "appends to an collection column , as in set l + = ? ."]
["start a task with a tag to identify it and with a time threshold ; a task represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time .", "start an with a tag to identify it and with a time threshold ; an represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time .", "start a end with a tag to identify it and with a time threshold ; a end represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time .", "with a time threshold ; a task represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time .", "start an end with a tag to identify it and with a time threshold ; an end represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified compounded name .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance from the specified compounded ."]
["or throws a no such account exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such account exception if it could not be found", "or throws a mail no such account exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such account exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a such account exception if it could not be found ."]
["loads the update center data .", "loads the update center data , if any and if modified since last read .", "loads the center data , if any and if modified since last read .", "loads the update center data since last read .", "loads the update center data any and if ."]
["produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed semantic graph .", "produces a semantic graph with no extras .", "starts a collapsed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["is has plain column or not .", "is contains column or not .", "has contains column or not .", "has plain column or not .", "is has plain column ."]
["report the note which if vertically farthest from stem tail .", "returns the note which if vertically farthest from stem tail .", "report the note .", "report the note which if vertically farthest from highest tail .", "report the note which if vertically farthest from stem highest ."]
["if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content shows ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get ( context ) ."]
["creates an android framework resource repository .", "creates an android framework resource repository", "creates a framework resource repository without using a persistent cache .", "creates an android framework resource repository using .", "creates an android framework resource repository ."]
["convert file to html .", "convert to html .", "convert file .", "convert html .", "convert file to ."]
["try to detect link between this slur instance and head on left side plus head on right .", "try to detect link between this slur instance and head on left side head on right .", "try to detect link between the slur instance and head on left side plus head on right .", "try to detect link between this slur instance and head on left side right .", "try to detect link between this slur instance on right ."]
["slight performance increase over # render ( vertex buffer ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( vertex buffer builder ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( buffer ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( vertex builder ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( buffer builder ) ."]
["calculate a standard ' s standard deviation .", "returns a sample ' s standard deviation .", "calculate a sample ' s standard standard .", "calculate a sample ' s standard deviation .", "calculate a sample standard deviation ."]
["when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied and then the translation .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation ."]
["returns the foo with the primary key or throws a no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key liferay . sampleservicebuilder . no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws a sampleservicebuilder no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws sampleservicebuilder . no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws a sampleservicebuilder . no such foo exception if it could not be found ."]
["gets the string or long id from the key , or null if incomplete", "gets the string or long id from the key", "gets the string long id from the key ,", "gets the long id from the key , or null if incomplete", "gets the string or long id from the key ."]
["returns a list of backup nodes .", "returns a list of followers nodes .", "returns a list of backup followers .", "returns a list of nodes .", "returns a list ."]
["this method creates a temporary file and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit .", "this method creates a vcf file and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit .", "this method creates a temporary vcf file and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit .", "this method creates a temporary file and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit .", "this method creates a temporary and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit ."]
["starts the service if not started already and starts all resume .", "starts the service if not started already and starts all downloads .", "starts the service if not started already and resume all downloads .", "starts the service if not started and starts all downloads .", "starts the service if not started already ."]
["helper method to retrieve the parent folder type .", "helper method to retrieve the folder type .", "helper method to retrieve the parent type .", "method to retrieve the parent folder type .", "helper method to retrieve the parent folder type ."]
["the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate collection in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an collection . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . 509 collection chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . collection certificate chain in pem format ."]
["unregister the given event from the current context .", "unregister the given event from the current context ( provided ) .", "unregister the given event .", "unregister event from the current .", "unregister the given event from the current context ( provided ) ."]
["sets the storage namespace .", "sets the namespace serializer .", "sets the storage namespace .", "sets the storage serializer .", "sets the storage namespace ."]
["gets the groups used to find an issuer curve .", "returns the groups used to find an issuer curve .", "gets the legal used to find an issuer curve .", "gets the groups used to find a issuer curve .", "gets a groups used to find an issuer curve ."]
["creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates a metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values of this metadata", "creates a new metadata which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates a metadata entity which consists of the given and values following the key and values of this metadata new metadata"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three ."]
["the input 2011 - 01 - day ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 08 ( one week earlier ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - day ( one week earlier ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - patient ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 08 ( one week earlier ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for day ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 08 ( one week earlier ) .", "the day 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 08 ( one week earlier ) ."]
["complete the request .", "complete request .", "complete the base .", "complete a request .", "complete the topic ."]
["it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph as mutable , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph graph , then add the edge connecting them ."]
["will set object as tag to this request , wrapped by weak reference", "will set object as tag to this request , wrapped by reference", "will set object as tag to this request", "will set object as tag to this request , wrapped by weak reference .", "will set object as tag to this request , wrapped by async reference"]
["whether the channel product is a beta marker product", "whether the channel product is a beta product", "whether the channel product is a marker beta product", "whether the channel product is a marker product", "whether the channel product is a beta marker"]
["write a chart series as rows in a csv file .", "write a xyseries series as rows in a csv file .", "write a series as rows in a csv file .", "write a xyseries as rows in a csv file .", "write a chart xyseries as rows in a csv file ."]
["the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - day ( one week later ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - amount ( one week later ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - day ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 22 ( one week later ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - patient ( one week later ) .", "the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - jenkins ( one week later ) ."]
["set inventory .", "set eingabegruppe .", "set bestelldatum .", "set bestellmenge .", "set rechnung ."]
["gets the dialog node .", "gets the dialog node id .", "get the dialog node .", "gets the dialog node .", "get the dialog node id ."]
["the chart properties of the chart", "the chart properties of chart", "the chart properties of the chart", "the properties of the chart", "the chart properties of the chart"]
["gets forwarding type of the forwarding objective .", "gets function type of the objective .", "returns forwarding function type of the forwarding objective .", "gets forwarding function type of a forwarding objective .", "gets forwarding forwarding type of the forwarding objective ."]
["returns an collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns an iterator of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order ."]
["otherwise , it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values named cursor # get path next ( ) to the result .", "it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values named cursor # get next ( ) to the result .", "otherwise , it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values named cursor # path get next ( ) to the result .", "otherwise , it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values named cursor # get next to the result .", "otherwise , it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values get path cursor # get next ( ) to the result ."]
["this method is run everytime the service is executed", "this method is run the service is executed", "this method is run service is executed", "this method is run everytime the service is executed .", "this method is run the service executed"]
["if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .", "if one a float , the other is converted to a float .", "a float , the other is converted to a float .", "if one a float , the other converted to a float .", "is a float , the other is converted to a float ."]
["get content type property : sets mime content type of the file .", "get type property : sets mime content type of the file .", "get the content type property : sets the mime content type of the .", "content type property : sets mime content type of the file .", "get content type property : sets mime content type of ."]
["for more information about managing snapshot copy , go to", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to snapshot .", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to describe copy ."]
["uses a hash map to map keys to value collections , initialized to expect the specified number of keys .", "uses a map to map keys to value collections , initialized to expect the specified number of keys .", "uses a hash map to map keys to value collections .", "uses a hash map to map keys to keys collections , initialized to expect the specified number of keys .", "uses a hash map to map keys to value keys , initialized to expect the specified number of keys ."]
["returns the number of occurrences , or - 1 if the exact number is unknown .", "returns the number of size , or - 1 if the exact number is unknown .", "returns the number of occurrences , or - 1 if the exact number is unknown .", "returns the number of occurrences , or - 1 if the exact number is size .", "returns the number of 1 , or - 1 if the exact number is unknown ."]
["log execution statistics .", "log rule execution statistics .", "log rule statistics .", "log rule execution .", "log irunning execution statistics ."]
["test of variance method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of variance method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test variance var method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of method , variance class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of var method , of class hyper geometric distribution ."]
["load all read names .", "read all profile names .", "load read profile names .", "load all profile names .", "load an read names ."]
["get the session config for the specified camera id .", "get the session for the specified camera id .", "get the session config for the specified camera config .", "get the session configuration for the specified camera config .", "get the session specified camera id ."]
["obtains an instance of zone offset from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of zone offset from a date object .", "obtains an instance of zone offset from a temporal - time object .", "obtains an instance of zone offset from the date - time object .", "obtains a of zone offset from a date - time object ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["returns the border size for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size . sentry robot sentry robot ."]
["decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action member .", "decode an profile profile member to pi profile group member ."]
["if not , returns - 1 .", "if not , returns .", "if not , returns - integer .", "if not , returns - 1 .", ", returns - 1 ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["visit class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( step 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation .", "class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( step 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation .", "visit class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation .", "org class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( step 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation .", "false class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( step 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of zone offset .", "this factory converts the date - time object to an instance of zone offset .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date object to an instance of zone offset .", "this factory converts the arbitrary - time object to an instance of zone offset .", "this factory converts the arbitrary temporal - time object to an instance of zone offset ."]
["validates that put object should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers .", "validates that put checksum should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers .", "validates that put checksums should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers .", "validates that put should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers .", "validates that object checksums should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers ."]
["or throws a calendar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["this method will called byte buffer pool # release ( byte buffer ) if a buffer pool has been configured .", "this method will called byte buffer pool # release if a buffer pool has been configured .", "this method will called buffer pool # release ( buffer ) if a buffer pool has been configured .", "this method will called byte buffer pool # release ( if a buffer pool has been configured .", "this method will called byte buffer pool # release ) if a buffer pool has been configured ."]
["generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the zoom state", "generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the zoom", "generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the zoom state", "generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the state params", "generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the zoom params"]
["secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( properties properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret properties # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get properties of of secret ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( properties of secret properties ) ."]
["removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # clear children ( ) ) and additionally resets all table properties and cell , column , and row defaults .", "removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # children ( ) ) and additionally resets all table properties and cell , column , and row defaults .", "removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # ( ) ) and additionally resets clear all children table properties and cell , column , and row defaults .", "removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # clear ( children ) ) and additionally resets all table properties and cell , column , and row defaults .", "removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # clear ( ) ) and additionally resets all table properties and cell , column , and row defaults ."]
["if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as sparse", "if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as sparse .", "if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as", "if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as mrtask", "if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as sparse , treat"]
["returns an immutable set containing one element .", "returns a set containing one element .", "returns an immutable set .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing one element .", "returns an set containing one element ."]
["compute the number of 0xffffffff that would be needed to encode a uint32 field .", "compute the 0xffffffff of bytes that would be needed to encode a uint32 field .", "0xffffffff the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a uint32 field .", "compute the number of bytes that 0xffffffff be needed to encode a uint32 field .", "compute the raw number of bytes that would be needed to encode a uint32 field ."]
["create a new read access object .", "create a new read / write access .", "create a new read / write access default .", "create a new read / write access access .", "create a new read object ."]
["filter the array under test keeping only elements whose property or field specified by", "iterable the array under test keeping only elements whose property or field specified by property or field name is null .", "the array under test keeping only elements whose property specified by property or field", "filter the array under test keeping only elements whose property or field specified by abstract or field name is null .", "the array under test keeping only elements whose property specified by property or field iterable ."]
["first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given blob name .", "first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given blob .", "first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given name .", "first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given core name .", "first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given blob name ."]
["creates a new http service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates a new http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates a new http http service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates a new http authorization service decorator .", "creates a given http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers ."]
["method that returns code to access a named prop parameter .", "method that returns code to prop a named state parameter .", "method that returns prop to access a named state parameter .", "method that returns code to access a prop state parameter .", "method that returns code to prop a named prop parameter ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["executes pems # private key spec ( source ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format .", "executes pems # private key spec ( input source ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format .", "executes pems # private key spec ( wrap ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format .", "executes pems # private key spec ( supplier ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format .", "executes pems # private key spec ( input source ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format ."]
["verify that at most add entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most page entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most context entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most max entries per session can be put in the add", "verify that at most entries per session can be put in the cache"]
["creates redeem data for p2 pkh or p2 pk input .", "creates redeem data for p2 pkh .", "returns redeem data for p2 pkh or p2 pk input .", "creates redeem data for pkh or pk input .", "creates redeem data for p2 pkh or p2 pk input ."]
["return a new terms in which term of core node name is removed", "return a new terms in which term of node name is removed", "return a new terms in which term of values node name is removed", "return a new terms which term of is removed", "return a new terms in which term of values is removed"]
["used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . cache ) .", "typically used for fire at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , fire cache ) ."]
["create an initial optimistic locking value according the position type contract for the position property if required and inject it into the snapshot state .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the version type contract for the version property if required and inject it into the snapshot state .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the version position contract for the version property if required and inject it into the snapshot state .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the descriptor contract for the version property if required and inject it into the snapshot state .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the descriptor type contract for the descriptor property if required and inject it into the snapshot state ."]
["returns the number the configured router should adhere to .", "returns the exchange of allowed parallel requests the configured router should adhere to .", "returns the number of allowed exchange requests the configured router should adhere to .", "returns the exchange strategies the configured router should adhere to .", "returns the exchange the configured router should adhere to ."]
["checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains elem @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains element @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param elem .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param element .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains t @ param str ."]
["return the initial pixel size used to define initial arrays ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )", "return the initial pixel pixel used to define initial arrays ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )", "return the initial pixel pixel height used to define initial arrays ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )", "return the initial pixel height used to define initial arrays ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )", "return the initial pixel size used to define initial pixel ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )"]
["it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an host is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an host or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an host host is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an string is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without host is valid or not ."]
["useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a 100 . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example ."]
["sets media item object to render using video view2 .", "sets media item2 object to render using video view2 .", "sets media object to render using video view2 .", "sets item item2 object to render using video view2 .", "sets media item object to render using video view2 ."]
["the specified consumer is invoked with the leader index metadata fetched from the remote cluster .", "otherwise , the specified consumer is invoked with the cluster leader index metadata fetched from the remote cluster .", "otherwise , the specified consumer is invoked with the cluster state leader index metadata fetched from the remote cluster .", "otherwise , the specified consumer is invoked with the cluster index metadata fetched from the remote cluster .", "cluster , the specified consumer is invoked with the leader index metadata fetched from the remote cluster ."]
["returns true if the currently set key guard matches our minimum quality requirements .", "returns true if the currently set active matches our minimum quality requirements .", "returns true if the active guard matches our minimum quality requirements .", "returns true if this key guard matches our minimum quality requirements .", "is active guard matches our minimum quality requirements ."]
["it incorporates the zone , bulb type and command category .", "it incorporates the zone , command type and command category .", "it incorporates the zone , bulb bridge and command category .", "it incorporates the bridge zone , bulb type and command category .", "it incorporates the default zone , bulb type and command category ."]
["restore redundancy .", "restore redundancy with invisible .", "returns restore redundancy with backoff .", "returns redundancy with backoff .", "restore redundancy with returns ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , source )", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , url )", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , )", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , source url )"]
["if type var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; otherwise returns null .", "if type var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; returns null .", "if var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; otherwise returns null .", "if type var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; type returns null .", "if type var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; otherwise returns null ."]
["set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis and angle ( in radians ) .", "set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis and angle .", "set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis ( in radians ) .", "set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis angle ( .", "set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis and math ( in radians ) ."]
["like # read generic records ( schema ) , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection .", "like # read generic records , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection .", "like # generic records ( schema ) , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection .", "like # read records ( schema ) , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection .", "like # read generic read ( schema ) , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection ."]
["returns the white regular expressions .", "returns the whitelisted expressions .", "returns the ex regular expressions .", "returns the whitelisted white expressions .", "returns the regular expressions ."]
["used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by state backend .", "used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by mb backend .", "used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by memory backend .", "used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by backend .", "used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by direct backend ."]
["adds a single sensitivity to the builder .", "adds a sensitivity to the builder using metadata .", "adds a to the builder using metadata .", "adds a the builder using metadata .", "adds the builder using metadata ."]
["creates a course object and an instructor object for the course .", "creates a course object .", "creates a course object and an instructor object for the course .", "creates a course object .", "creates a course object and an instructor object for a course ."]
["indicates if the display name of the xry meta key is a recognized type .", "indicates if the name of the xry meta key is a recognized type .", "indicates if the display name of the xry name key is a recognized type .", "indicates if the name name of the xry meta key is a recognized type .", "indicates if the display name is a recognized type ."]
["test of variance method , of class binomial distribution .", "test of variance method , of class binomial distribution .", "test variance var method , of class binomial distribution .", "test of var method , of class binomial distribution .", "test of variance variance method , of class binomial distribution ."]
["bold driver : gemulla et al . , large - scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !", "driver : gemulla et al . , large - scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !", "gemulla et al . , large - scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !", "driver : gemulla et al . , large scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !", ": gemulla et al . , large - scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !"]
["with natural ordering , ordering # natural ( ) is returned .", "with natural ordering , ordering ( ) is returned .", "with natural ordering , ordering ( ) is returned .", "with natural ordering , ordering # natural ( ) is column .", "with column ordering , ordering # column ( ) is returned ."]
["executes pems # public key spec ( source ) on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format .", "executes pems # public key spec ( input source ) on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format .", "executes pems # public key spec ( wrap ) on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format .", "executes pems # public key spec ( supplier ) on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format .", "executes pems # public key spec on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format ."]
["this method schedules the disablement .", "schedules the disablement for asynchronous execution .", "the disablement for asynchronous execution .", "this method disable the disablement for asynchronous execution .", "this method schedules this disablement for asynchronous execution ."]
["switch to the given page .", "to the given page , update the highlighted episode .", "switch to the given page", "update the highlighted episode .", "switch to the given page , set the highlighted episode ."]
["repairs the schema table .", "repairs the metadata schema .", "repairs the schema history table .", "repairs the metadata table .", "repairs the metadata schema history ."]
["returns an immutable list containing three elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing three elements .", "returns an list containing three elements .", "returns a list containing three elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing three elements ."]
["sets sslhost config infos .", "sets ssl host config infos .", "sets config infos .", "sets ssl config infos .", "sets sslhost infos ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details ."]
["sets the css pages for the static website .", "sets the css pages for the static .", "sets the css pages .", "sets the css pages for the website .", "sets the css pages for the static listings ."]
["returns a literal for the scr service . reference policy .", "returns a literal for the reference policy .", "returns a literal for the scr policy .", "returns a scr for the reference policy .", "returns a literal for the scr service reference policy ."]
["expands the given expanded .", "expands the given item .", "expanded the given row .", "expands the item .", "expands the given expand ."]
["sets playback rate using playback params .", "sets playback rate using params params2 .", "sets playback rate using playback .", "sets playback rate using playback params .", "sets playback rate using playback params2 ."]
["adds the specified argument as add string .", "adds the specified add as xquery string .", "add the specified argument as xquery string .", "adds the specified argument as add add string .", "adds the specified argument ."]
["returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where parent = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where modified = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where repository = ?"]
["this is measured from the bottom , that is , the expected shortfall with the level 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations .", "this is measured from the bottom , that is , the expected shortfall with the result 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations .", "this is measured from the bottom , that is , the expected shortfall with the level result 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations .", "from the bottom , that is , the expected shortfall with the level 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations .", "the expected shortfall with the level 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations ."]
["the base url will be the application url .", "the back url will be the application url .", "the base url will be the back url .", "the url will be the application url .", "the base url will be the application back url ."]
["atomically updates the current hi value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "updates the current hi value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "atomically updates the current hi value with the results of add the given delta , returning the updated value .", "add updates the current hi value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "atomically returns the current hi value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value ."]
["returns the report builder for the rootmost component that contains any of the bindings .", "returns the report builder component that contains any of the duplicate .", "returns the report builder for the rootmost component that contains any of the duplicate bindings .", "returns the report builder that contains any of the duplicate bindings .", "returns the report builder for the rootmost component that contains any duplicate bindings ."]
["centres this dialog .", "centres this dialog on the fame .", "centres this dialog on the swing .", "centres this dialog on this main fame .", "centres the dialog on the main fame ."]
["gets the value of the parameter property .", "gets the value of the property .", "gets the value of the parameter property .", "gets the value of the parameter .", "gets the value of the parameter parameter property ."]
["if an handlers listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .", "if an event listener is assignable to handlers listener it will registered as is .", "if an handlers listener is assignable to handlers listener it will registered as is .", "if a handlers listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .", "if an event listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is ."]
["use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag cross .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cross requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ cross : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the cross flag set ."]
["allocates an array of the specified length in memory to hold references to objects on the java heap .", "allocates an array of the specified length in unmanaged memory to hold references to objects on the java heap .", "allocates array of the specified length in unmanaged memory to hold references to objects on the java heap .", "allocates an array of the specified length in object memory to hold references to objects on the java heap .", "allocates an array of the specified length hold references to ."]
["nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the ribbon .", "the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the ribbon .", "vertical : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the ribbon .", "nota : be the extrema points inside the ribbon .", "ribbon : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the ribbon ."]
["customer lock ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer lock ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "status ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer status ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore ."]
["a comparison of karypis clustering techniques kdd workshop on text mining , 2000", "a comparison of document clustering techniques kdd workshop on text karypis , 2000", "a comparison of document clustering techniques kdd workshop on karypis mining , 2000", "a comparison of steinbach clustering techniques kdd workshop on text mining , 2000", "a comparison of document clustering techniques kdd workshop on text mining"]
["doesn ' t support types .", "doesn ' t date types .", "doesn support date types .", "doesn ' t support row types .", "doesn date types ."]
["test method for org . infinispan . provider remote cache manager # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # start .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) ."]
["returns the expression node to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists .", "returns the expression node to the left of the \" \" if it exists .", "returns the expression node to the left of the : \" if it exists .", "returns the expression node to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists .", "returns the expression node to the left of the \" : \" if it exists ."]
["execute function for each chunk .", "execute function for each chunk .", "execute function each chunk of .", "execute function for each of arguments .", "execute function for each chunk of group ."]
["runs a process using a custom timeout and a process terminator .", "runs a process using an termination timeout and a process terminator .", "runs a termination using a custom timeout and a process terminator .", "runs an termination using a custom timeout and an termination terminator .", "runs an process using a custom timeout and a process terminator ."]
["( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to support localhost and proxy server environments ) .", "( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to support localhost ) .", "( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to support localhost .", "( shiro ' s default host allows null ips to support localhost and proxy server environments ) .", "( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to support localhost and host server environments ) ."]
["adds an actor as a child of this group , immediately after another child actor .", "adds a as a child of this group , immediately after another child actor .", "adds an actor as a child of this group .", "adds an actor as a child of this group , parent after another child actor .", "adds an actor as a child of this group , actor after another child actor ."]
["todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .", "if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .", ": if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i e .", "todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available", "todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available"]
["use # destroy to population matrix ( ) if you do not need further updates .", "use # destroy to naive population ( ) if you do not need further updates .", "use # destroy to matrix ( ) if you do not need further updates .", "# destroy to naive matrix ( ) if you do not need further updates .", "use # destroy to naive matrix ( ) if you do not need further updates ."]
["this method currently handles events for the classname combo box .", "this method handles events for the classname combo box .", "this method currently handles events for the change combo box .", "this method currently handles events for the state combo box .", "it events for the classname combo box ."]
["waits until the query with the specified id has been started .", "waits until the query .", "waits until the query with the specified id has been started .", "waits query with the .", "slow until the query with the specified id has been started ."]
["handshake will be null and ioexception will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt .", "handshake will be null and ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt .", "handshake will be null and ioe ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt .", "handshake will be null will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt .", "handshake will be null and ioexception ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt ."]
["creates an audit entry when a api definition is deleted .", "creates an audit entry when a service api is deleted .", "creates an audit entry when a service definition is api .", "creates an audit entry when an api definition is deleted .", "creates an audit entry when a api is deleted ."]
["schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux and solaris servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type linux and solaris servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among and solaris servers ."]
["returns the service id for the given key .", "returns the service id id for the given key .", "returns the id for the given key .", "returns the service id for the given service .", "returns the service ."]
["return the formatted string .", "return the string .", "returns the formatted string .", "return the string string .", "return a formatted string ."]
["if - - all is specified , - - entity won ' t be visible", "if - - all is specified , - entity won ' t be visible", "if - - all is specified , - - interface won ' t be entity", "if - - all is entity , - - interface won ' t be visible", "if - - all is specified - entity won ' t be visible"]
["returns the raw binary representation of the byte header .", "returns the raw representation of the handshake header .", "returns the raw binary representation of the handshake header .", "returns the raw byte representation of the handshake header .", "returns the raw binary representation of the header ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["sets the console script .", "sets the webservercript script .", "sets the script .", "sets the webservercript .", "sets the console webservercript ."]
["should return null for values that cannot be compared under comparability semantics .", "should returns null for values that cannot be compared under comparability semantics .", "should return undefined for values that cannot be compared under comparability semantics .", "should return null that cannot be compared under comparability semantics .", "should return null for the values that cannot be compared under comparability semantics ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob client . copy incremental # string - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob client . copy incremental #", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob client . copy incremental # url - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob client . copy incremental # - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . string . page blob client . copy incremental # url - string"]
["backs up the subscriptions and bookmarks databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions to external storage .", "backs up all and bookmarks databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions external storage ."]
["if the lock list is write locked , returns lock mode . write .", "returns lock mode . write .", "if the lock list is write locked lock mode . write .", "if the lock list is write locked , returns an lock mode . write .", "if the lock list is write locked , mode . write ."]
["custom logic to only enable the configuration element as this is immutable and once the objects is started we cannot change values .", "custom logic to only enable the configuration element as this is immutable and once the objects context is started we cannot change values .", "custom logic to only enable the configuration element as this is immutable and once the context is started we cannot change values .", "custom logic to only enable the objects element as this is immutable and once the mule context is started we cannot change values .", "custom logic to only enable the element as this is immutable and once the mule objects is started we cannot change values ."]
["if the new value is not equal to get value ( ) , fires a value change event .", "if the new value is not equal to ( ) , fires a value change event .", "equal to get ( ) , fires a value change event .", "equal to get , fires a value change event .", "if the new value is not equal to returns value ( ) , fires a value change event ."]
["gets a collection of entries and sets an id for every entry .", "gets a collection of bibentries and sets an id for every entries .", "gets a entries of bibentries and sets an id for every entry .", "gets a collection of bibentries and sets an id for every entry .", "gets a collection of bibentries and sets an id for entries entry ."]
["obtains an instance of local date time from an offset date time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an local date time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an offset local time .", "obtains an instance of local time from an offset date time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an date offset local ."]
["called when a track info is deselected .", "called when a track info is .", "called when the track info is deselected .", "called when a library info is deselected .", "called when an track info is deselected ."]
["gets current playback position as a media timestamp .", "gets current playback position as a media .", "gets current playback position as a timestamp timestamp2 .", "gets current playback position as a media timestamp .", "gets current playback position as a media timestamp ."]
["internal mapper to remember and add all types for the recycler view .", "mapper to remember and add all types for the recycler view .", "internal mapper to remember and add all types for the view .", "mapper to remember and add all types for the recycler", "item mapper to remember and add all types for the recycler view ."]
["they are not accessible in the handler provided as parameter .", "they are not accessible in the handler provided as http .", "they are not accessible in the handler provided as server .", "they are not accessible in the http provided as parameter .", "they are not accessible in the handler provided as routes ."]
["xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . uris , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard . 1 invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . uri , invalid path entries will be ignored ."]
["in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( object ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead ."]
["returns the connection request instance .", "returns the httpconnection request instance .", "returns the http instance .", "returns the servlet request instance .", "returns the http request instance ."]
["varargs version of # add state ( consumer , object , java . util . set ) .", "varargs version of # add state ( , object , java . util . set ) .", "varargs version of # add state ( object , java . util . set ) .", "varargs version of # add state ( closure , consumer , java . util . set ) .", "varargs version of # add state ( closure consumer object , java . util . set ) ."]
["this completes the switch .", "this %UNK% the switch .", "this returns the switch .", "this stops the switch .", "this completes a switch ."]
["creates a module that can be run later which will restore a display to its current state .", "creates a undo that can be run later which will restore a display to its current state .", "creates a module info that can be run later which will restore a display to its current state .", "creates a later which will restore a display to its current state .", "creates a display that can be run later which will restore a display to its current state ."]
["return the underlying expression tree .", "return the expression tree .", "return the underlying tree .", "return the underlying expression tree to .", "return the underlying tree to tree ."]
["a guarded transition .", "a guarded transition from to java .", "the guarded transition from native to java .", "a guarded transition to java .", "a guarded transition native to ."]
["setter for the auto flag .", "setter for the - pull flag .", "setter for the auto - pull flag .", "setter for the flag .", "setter for the pull flag ."]
["calls # array allocation size ( int , int , int , graal hot spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object .", "calls # array allocation size ( int , int , int , hot spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object .", "calls # array allocation size ( int , int , int , object hot spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object .", "calls # array allocation size ( int , int , int , spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object .", "calls # array allocation size ( , , , graal hot spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object ."]
["get a table object based on the identifier .", "get a table object .", "get a table based on the identifier .", "get a table object based on the table .", "returns a table object based on the identifier ."]
["reverts local changes for this post , replacing it with the latest version from the server", "reverts local changes for this discard , replacing it with the latest version from the server", "reverts local changes for this changes , replacing it with the latest version from the server", "reverts local changes for the post , replacing it with the latest version from the server", "reverts local changes for this post , replacing it with the latest version from the changes"]
["get faktor .", "get menge .", "get wechselkurs .", "get betrag .", "get ausgangsforderung ."]
["by design the return value is not a within range condition .", "by design the return value is not a within range condition within .", "by design the return value is not a within condition .", "by design the return value is not a condition .", "by design the return value is not a within within condition ."]
["this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . raiseddate", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . created", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due date", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . set"]
["returns the column details , in the described table , of the named column .", "returns the details the named column .", "returns the .", "returns the .", "returns the named ."]
["finds the table schema that can be used for a format schema ( without time attributes ) .", "finds the table schema that can be used for a format schema .", "finds the that can be used for a format schema ( without time attributes ) .", "finds the table schema that can be used for the format schema ( without time attributes ) .", "finds the table schema that can be used for an format schema ( without time attributes ) ."]
["this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than ."]
["obtains an instance of offset date time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of offset obtain time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of temporal accessor from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of offset offset time from a date - time object ."]
["primitive operation which inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .", "operation which inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .", "inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .", "primitive operation which inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .", "primitive operation which add the node at the tail of the frontier ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . revisions # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list revisions # selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list revisions # selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . revisions # setting selector"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified fx name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection", "create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection .", "create a new jdoquery instance with the given projection", "create a new detached jdoquery instance", "create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given distinct"]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency ptype ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree .", "tests the file system master # ptype consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree ."]
["add nil return statments .", "add return statments .", "add init return statments .", "add init nil statments .", "nil init return statments ."]
["the rsa key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key options options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["asserts that the cache contains the given data for uri string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for request string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for cached string ."]
["creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs registry containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master master ."]
["net . dv8tion . jda . api . requests . error response # unknown _ emoji", "dv8tion . jda . api . requests . error response # unknown _ emoji", "encoding . dv8tion . jda . api . requests . error response # unknown _ emoji", "net . dv8tion . jda . api . requests . encoding response # unknown _ emoji", "net . dv8tion . jda . api . requests . %UNK% response # unknown _ emoji"]
["the provided stanza error stanza error .", "the provided stanza error xmpperror .", "the provided xmpperror xmpperror .", "the provided stanza stanza .", "the provided stanza xmpperror ."]
["the executor will shutdown on # shutdown ( ) , if not executors .", "the executors will shutdown on # shutdown ( ) , if not detached .", "the executor will shutdown on # shutdown ( ) , if executors detached .", "the executor will executors on # executors ( ) , if not detached .", "the executor will shutdown on # executors ( ) , if not detached ."]
["the parcel file descriptor will be closed when the list becomes empty .", "the parcel file descriptor will be closed when the list becomes .", "will be closed when the list becomes empty .", "the parcel file descriptor will be closed when the list becomes ref count .", "the parcel file descriptor will be closed when the list becomes ref ."]
["returns the request .", "returns the request preferences .", "returns the client preferences .", "returns the request request .", "returns the preferences ."]
["get upc / ean .", "get upc _ tu / ean .", "get tu upc / ean .", "get upc tu / ean .", "get upc ."]
["returns the value of the direction field .", "returns the value of the ygdirection field .", "returns the value of the bitfield direction .", "returns the value of the ndirection field .", "returns the value of the direction ."]
["get the last time this object was used in ms .", "get the last millis this object was used in ms .", "get the last time this millis was used in ms .", "get the last millis time this object was used in ms .", "get the last time this object was used in millis ."]
["convenience method for get scheme ( host . get scheme name ( ) )", "convenience method for get scheme ( . get scheme name ( ) )", "convenience method for get scheme ( host . get scheme name )", "convenience method scheme ( host . get scheme name ( ) )", "get scheme ( host . get scheme name ( ) )"]
["the meta - property for the expiry property .", "the meta - property for the expiry double property .", "the meta - property for the expiry date property .", "the meta - property for the expiry .", "the meta - property for the expiry expiry property ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["gets for resource set .", "gets policy for resource set .", "gets delete for resource set .", "gets policy .", "returns policy for resource set ."]
["the alias is a boolean value located under the # enabled key .", "the has is a boolean value located under the # enabled key .", "the alias is a boolean value located under the # has key .", "the alias is the boolean value located under the # enabled key .", "the alias is a boolean value located under the under has enabled key ."]
["returns the capture request config for the capture stage object .", "returns the config request configuration for the config stage object .", "returns the capture request for the capture stage object .", "returns request configuration for capture stage object .", "returns the capture request config for the capture stage object ."]
["names for a given type .", "simple names for a given descriptor type .", "descriptor names for a given type .", "simple names for the given type .", "simple names for a given descriptor ."]
["get the encryption scope prevented override property : optional .", "get the encryption scope override property : optional .", "get the encryption scope scope prevented property : optional .", "get the encryption scope override prevented property : optional .", "get the encryption scope prevented property : optional ."]
["get the persistent request client if it exists .", "get the persistent request if it exists .", "get the persistent if it exists .", "get the fcpclient if it exists .", "get the client request client if it exists ."]
["set the connection , this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline .", "sets the connection , this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline .", "this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline .", "set the connection , this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline .", "set the connection , this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline ."]
["get the classloader finder .", "get the classloader .", "get the call stack .", "get the class stack .", "get the module finder ."]
["validation mode is responsible for whether entity bean validation will be applied on data manager level .", "validation type is responsible for whether entity bean mode will be applied on data manager level .", "mode type is responsible for whether entity bean mode will be applied on data manager level .", "validation type is responsible for whether entity bean mode will be applied on data manager level .", "validation mode is responsible for whether entity bean validation will be applied on data manager level ."]
["delete work cleanup working directory upon job completion .", "persisted cleanup working directory upon job completion .", "delete work cleanup working upon job completion .", "delete cleanup working directory upon job completion .", "delete work cleanup working directory upon job completion ."]
["a return value of - free necessarily indicate that the map contains no mapping for the key .", "a return value of that the map contains no mapping for the key .", "a return value of free necessarily indicate that the map contains no mapping for the key .", "a return value of indicate that the map contains no mapping for the key .", "a return value of the map contains no mapping for the key ."]
["create subject alternative names with set names .", "set subject alternative names with dns names .", "returns subject alternative names with dns names .", "create subject alternative names .", "create set alternative names with dns names ."]
["so when we got packet and all is ok - call this method .", "so when we got reader and all is ok - call this method .", "so when we got block reader and all is ok - call this method .", "when we got block and all is ok - call this method .", "so when we got and all is ok - call this method ."]
["creates execution sequence for pending task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences .", "creates execution sequence for task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences .", "returns execution sequence for pending task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences .", "creates execution sequence for 1 task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences .", "creates sequence sequence for pending task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of records as defined by records .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records defined by .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined records .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of records as defined by expected records ."]
["therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring bad font in case when scaler reports this .", "therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring font in case when scaler reports this .", "therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring bad scaler in case when scaler reports this .", "therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring scaler font in case when scaler reports this .", "therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring case when scaler reports this ."]
["gets all tv show episodes from database", "returns all tv show episodes from database", "gets all tv show episodes", "gets all tv show episodes .", "gets all tv show episodes from episodes"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified payment name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["value of the error code code encoded .", "error of the code encoded .", "error value of the code encoded .", "value of the code error .", "value of the error encoded ."]
["set the session .", "closes the state .", "sets the session .", "returns the session .", "initializes the session ."]
["this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( ref and ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding byte ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding bytes ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( byte ref and byte ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 ."]
["method to get the configuration knowning the set", "method to returns the configuration knowning the set", "method to get the configuration knowning the set", "method to gets the configuration knowning the set", "method to the configuration knowning the set"]
["binds the property connection .", "binds the put connection .", "put the http connection .", "binds the connection .", "binds the set connection ."]
["note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned sink is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned data is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned complete is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux buffer is subscribed to ."]
["tests resiliency when d2 device availability is changed .", "resiliency resilency when d2 device availability is changed .", "tests when d2 device availability is changed .", "tests resilency when resiliency device availability is changed .", "tests resilency when d2 device availability is changed ."]
["start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new binding class - based service binding .", "start building a new class - based service binding .", "start building a new class class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - based service binding ."]
["creates an exception from an api name .", "creates an exception from a api name .", "creates an exception from an api name .", "creates an exception from an name .", "creates an exception from an api name ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified negative name ."]
["removes the source location value from this list of elements .", "removes the location value from this list of elements .", "removes the source value from this list of elements .", "returns the source location value from this list of elements .", "removes the model location value from this list of elements ."]
["make you have enabled the na check properly using # enable ( rabstract vector , rabstract vector ) before relying on this method .", "make you have enabled the na check properly using # enable ( vector , vector ) before relying on this method .", "you have enabled the na check properly using # enable ( rabstract vector , rabstract vector ) before relying on this method .", "make you have enabled the na check properly using # enable , rabstract vector before relying on this method .", "# enable ( rabstract vector , rabstract vector ) before relying on this method ."]
["make sure to # release parser ( pool saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # release parser ( ( pool ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to ( pool release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure ( pool # release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this ."]
["send a non - mutation message to a given node .", "send a non - mutation message to a given endpoint .", "send a message to a given endpoint .", "send a non - mutation message to a given .", "send a non - mutation message to a given message ."]
["whether this codec is capable of encoding the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of encoding the given type .", "whether this codec is capable of type the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of java the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of accepts the given java type ."]
["unlike excise we just need this node gone without going through any notifications", "unlike excise we just need this node node gone without going through any notifications", "unlike excise we just need this endpoint gone without going through any node", "unlike excise we just need this endpoint gone without node through any notifications", "unlike excise we just need this endpoint node without going through any notifications"]
["when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a struct , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a struct , then b automatically gets the even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when from a and a is annotated as a struct , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a struct , then b automatically gets the if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when b inherits from a and a is annotated as a struct then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["overrides previous instances of the exact same subclass of fragment options .", "overrides previous instances of the exact same subclass of options .", "overrides previous instances of the exact same subclass of fragment options .", "overrides previous instances of the exact same subclass of options options .", "overrides previous instances of the exact same fragment of fragment options ."]
["multipart uploads response , even if idempotent complete is possible .", "uploads response , even if idempotent complete is possible .", "multipart uploads response , even if idempotent complete is possible", "response , even if idempotent complete is possible .", "the handler multipart uploads response , even if idempotent complete is possible ."]
["load a drawable . drawable asynchronously", "load a android . graphics . drawable . drawable asynchronously", "load a graphics . drawable . drawable asynchronously", "load graphics . drawable . drawable asynchronously", "load drawable . drawable asynchronously"]
["set upc / ean .", "set upc _ tu / ean .", "set upc .", "set upc tu / ean .", "set ean _ tu / ean ."]
["returns the open month within this set of bounds .", "returns the open at month within this set of bounds .", "returns the month within this set of bounds .", "returns the open open month within this set of bounds .", "returns the open at at month within this set of bounds ."]
["the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .", "the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , ) for the identity trust store for connections created by this listener .", "the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , connection ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .", "store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity trust store for connections created by this listener .", "jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener ."]
["returns a copy of this date - time with the zone fixed locked to the offset .", "returns a copy of this date - time with the zone id locked to the fixed .", "returns a copy of this date - time with the zone id locked to the offset .", "returns a copy of this date - time with the zone id fixed to the offset .", "returns a copy of this date - time with the fixed id locked to the offset ."]
["generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for an service , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es ."]
["if the range of the variable has not been set yet , it will be set to be val id from the start to the end of the instruction list .", "if the range of the variable has not been set , it will be set to be val id from the start to the end of the instruction list .", "if the variable has not been set yet , it will be set to be val id from the start to the end of the instruction list .", "of the variable yet , it will be set to be val id from the start to the end of the instruction list .", "if the range of the variable has not been set yet id from the start to the end of the instruction list ."]
["deletes the elements in the values list and notifies the adapter", "deletes the elements m values list and notifies the adapter", "deletes the elements in the m values list and notifies the adapter", "deletes the elements in the values list and notifies adapter", "deletes the elements values list and notifies the adapter"]
["the version of this janus graph database", "the version of this janus graph graph database", "the version of this titan graph database", "the janus of this titan graph database", "the version of this graph database"]
["large archives in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier developer guide .", "uploading large archives in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier developer", "large archives in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier developer", "large in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier developer guide", "uploading large archives in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier guide ."]
["creates a column instance from a value provider .", "creates a column instance from a value provider .", "creates a column instance from a value presentation and a renderer .", "creates a column instance from a presentation provider and a renderer .", "creates a column presentation from a value provider and a renderer ."]
["this maps either the security id or the legal entity id to a group .", "this maps either the security id or the legal to a group .", "this maps either the legal id or the legal entity id to a group .", "this legal either the security id or the legal entity id to a group .", "this maps either the security id or the legal legal id to a group ."]
["returns the singleton instance of the slice background worker for specified uri if exists", "returns the instance of the slice background worker for specified uri if exists", "returns the singleton instance of the slice background worker for specified uri if exists .", "returns the singleton instance of the slice background worker for specified uri", "returns the singleton instance of the background worker for specified uri if exists"]
["a file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "a file exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "an transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "a transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "the file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :"]
["sets the schema version to the given os shared realm .", "sets the schema version to the given shared realm .", "sets the schema version to the given realm .", "sets the schema version to the given os realm .", "sets the schema version to the shared realm ."]
["compare two group key based on the grouping attribute .", "compare two group based on the grouping attribute .", "compare two groups based on the grouping group .", "compare two groups based on the grouping attribute .", "compare two groups based on the grouping group key ."]
["adds a method handle to the constant pool of the class being built .", "adds a handle to the constant pool of the class being built .", "adds a handle method to the constant pool of the class being built .", "adds a adds method to the constant pool of the class being built .", "returns a handle to the constant pool of the class being built ."]
["bind contract provider model to a provider class using the supplied injection manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider class using the injection manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider class using the supplied instance injection .", "bind contract provider model to a provider class using the supplied manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider class using the supplied injection ."]
["the manifest produced by this service do not include checksum for each entry .", "the manifest by this service do not include checksum for each entry .", "a manifest produced by this service do not include checksum for each entry .", "the manifest manifest by this service do not include checksum for each entry .", "an manifest produced by this service do not include checksum for each entry ."]
["returns all documents contained in this cluster .", "returns all list contained in this cluster .", "returns the documents contained in this cluster .", "returns all documents contained in this cluster .", "returns all documents contained in this cluster ."]
["return the stream manager in a context , or the global one if the context is null or does not contain an entry for a stream manager .", "return the stream manager in a context , or the global one if is null or does not contain an entry for a stream manager .", "return manager in a context , or global one if the context is null or does not contain an entry for a stream manager .", "return the stream manager in a context , or the global one if the context is sys or does not contain an entry for a stream manager .", "return the stream manager in a context , or the global one if the context is does not contain an entry for a stream manager ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for lock operations .", "sets the split name for lock operations .", "sets the name for lock operations .", "sets the split brain protection for lock operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for lock operations ."]
["[ if sidecar19 - se ]", "[ if sidecar19 ]", "[ if sidecar19 - se", "[ if sidecar19 - ]", "[ if sidecar19 - %UNK% ]"]
["obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified end point .", "obtain a repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "returns a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point ."]
["returns an account list item from the specified position in the values list", "returns an account list item from the specified position in the values", "returns an account list item from the specified position m values list", "returns an account list item from the specified position in the m values list", "returns an account list item from the specified position in the values . list"]
["playback params to the given input .", "playback to the given input .", "playback params2 to the given input .", "playback params to the given input .", "playback params2 to the given input ."]
["setter for # allowed credentials", "setter for # credentials", "setter for # allow credentials", "setter for # allow allowed", "setter for # allowed"]
["obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given mongo db database factory .", "obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given mongo database factory factory .", "obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given database db factory factory .", "obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given mongo factory .", "obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given mongo database factory ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["copies this expression ' s return type and size to the given expression .", "copies this expression ' s return type to the given expression .", "copies this expression ' s return type .", "copies this expression ' s return type and size to the given expression .", "copies this expression ' s return type and type to the given expression ."]
["the returned builder is of the same type .", "the returned validate key is of the same type .", "the returned validate is of the same type .", "the returned builder key is of the same type .", "the returned key is of the same type ."]
["returns an immutable map containing a single mapping .", "returns an unmodifiable containing a single mapping .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing a single mapping .", "returns a map containing a single mapping .", "returns an immutable map containing a single mapping ."]
["generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete subdirectory with response ( string , duration ,", "generates a code sample for using share client # delete sub subdirectory with response ( string , duration ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete subdirectory directory with response ( string , duration ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # sub subdirectory with response ( string , duration ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete ratpack with response ( string , duration ,"]
["the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node which is the of the target modifier node .", "the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node .", "the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node", "the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node of the target .", "the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node which is the parent of the target node ."]
["check if the last item in key signature has some trailing space ( before any head ) .", "check if the last item in key signature has some trailing space .", "check if the last item in trailing signature has some trailing space ( before any head ) .", "returns if the last item in key signature has some trailing space ( before any head ) .", "check if the last item in valid signature has some trailing space ( before any head ) ."]
["marks the action as scanning .", "marks the action as .", "marks the action as analyzing .", "marks the action .", "marks the action as sets ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get or create a block by the name .", "get or create a shader block by the name .", "get or create a buffer block by the name .", "get or create a storage block by the name .", "get or create a shader buffer block by the name ."]
["calculates minimum - nulls are handled .", "calculates minimum are handled as zeros .", "calculates nulls are handled as zeros .", "calculates are handled as zeros .", "calculates minimum - nulls are handled as flat ."]
["and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and r id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? ."]
["test of variance method , of class exponential .", "test of variance method , of class exponential .", "test variance var method , of class exponential .", "test of variance variance method , of class exponential .", "test of var method , of class exponential ."]
["if you want to extend a value ( e . g .", "if you want to extend a configuration value ( e . g .", "if you want to extend a value ( configuration e . g .", "if you want to extend the value ( e . g .", "if you want to extend a value g ."]
["returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host and identity file location", "returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host", "returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host file location", "returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host and identity file location .", "returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host and identity file location , identity"]
["extracts the underlying quotes from the rates curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the rates inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the rates instances and returns them in a map ."]
["sets the session timeout .", "sets the minimum timeout .", "sets the minimum session .", "sets this session timeout .", "sets the minimum session timeout ."]
["gets the value . mutable for the cat type of this cat data .", "returns the value . mutable for the cat type of this cat data .", "gets the value . mutable for the cat type of this", "gets the value . mutable for the cat type of this cat data .", "finds the value . mutable for the cat type of this cat data ."]
["copy the contents of a bucket to a random access buffer at a specific offset .", "copy the contents of a bucket to a random access buffer at a specific offset .", "copy the contents of a bucket to a random buffer thing at a specific offset .", "copy the contents of a bucket to a random access at a specific offset .", "copy the contents of a bucket to a random buffer at a specific offset ."]
["this method is used only to initialize the header replacers field .", "this method is used only to initialize the replacers field .", "this method is used only to initialize the returns replacers field .", "this method is used only to initialize the getheader replacers field .", "this method is used only to initialize the get replacers field ."]
["add or remove access for an aws account copy or restore a manual db snapshot , or make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api .", "to add or remove access for an aws to copy or restore a manual db snapshot , or to make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api", "to add or remove access for an aws account to copy or restore a manual db , or to make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api", "to add or remove access for an aws account to copy or restore manual db snapshot , or to make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api .", "to add or remove access for an aws account to copy or restore a db snapshot , or to make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api"]
["computes the average for each pixel across all s32 in the planar image .", "computes the average across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all planar in the planar image .", "computes the average pixel across all in the planar image .", "computes the average across all bands in the planar ."]
["time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" before \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" before \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" before \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" before \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "compared time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" before \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) ."]
["if they are not the same an assertion failed error is thrown .", "assertion failed error is thrown .", "an assertion failed error is thrown .", "same an assertion failed error is thrown .", "if they are not the same an failed error is thrown ."]
["asynchronously gets a api .", "asynchronously gets a .", "asynchronously gets a api api .", "asynchronously gets a object .", "asynchronously gets a api ."]
["tests this matcher against the given web discord request .", "tests this matcher against the given request .", "tests this matcher against the given discord request .", "tests this matcher against the given discord web request .", "tests this matcher against the given web request ."]
["add insert value .", "add value .", "add %UNK% insert value .", "add optimized insert value .", "add the insert value ."]
["creates a new internal jetty connection factory .", "creates a new internal jetty connection .", "creates a new connection jetty connector .", "creates a new connection factory jetty connector .", "creates a new internal jetty connection ."]
["see global checkpoint tracker # in sync allocation ids from master ( long , set , set ) for details .", "see global checkpoint tracker # update ids from ( long , set , set ) for details .", "see global checkpoint tracker # update ids master ( long , set , set ) for details .", "see global checkpoint tracker # in allocation ids from master ( long , set , set ) for details .", "see global checkpoint tracker # update ids from master ( long , set , set ) for details ."]
["this test asserts that only one state is added to the stateflowgraph .", "this test asserts that one state is added to the stateflowgraph .", "the test asserts that only one state is added to the stateflowgraph .", "is one state is added to the stateflowgraph .", "!"]
["update the metadata version for the given key ( cluster or store ) .", "update the metadata version for the given key .", "update the metadata version for the given node ( cluster or store ) .", "update the metadata version for the given collection ( cluster or store ) .", "update the metadata version for the given key ( collection or store ) ."]
["import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import io . reactivex . promise ;", "import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import io . reactivex . ;", "import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import io . reactivex ;", "import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import reactivex . observable ;", "import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import io . reactivex . subscribe ;"]
["we include all flags that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code .", "we include all amd64 flags that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code .", "we include the flags that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code .", "we amd64 all flags that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code .", "we include all amd64 that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code ."]
["sets the value of the ' value type ' field .", "sets the value of the type field .", "sets the value of the ' value ' field .", "sets of ' value type ' field .", "sets the of the ' type ' field ."]
["the location on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .", "the province on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .", "the organization on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .", "the ontario on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .", "the location since ontario organization should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake ."]
["this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # _ argument _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type type argument ."]
["registers a new library observer for the media library", "registers a new content library for the media library", "registers a library content observer for the media library", "registers a new library for the media library", "registers a new library observer for the library library"]
["returns the height of the specified row has not been validated .", "returns the height of the specified row .", "returns the height of the specified row layout has not been validated .", "returns the height of the specified row been .", "returns the height of the specified row , has not been validated ."]
["specifies the component ' s horizontal width , measured in pixels .", "specifies the ' s horizontal width measured in pixels .", "specifies the component ' s horizontal measured in pixels .", "specifies the component ' s horizontal width .", "specifies the ' s horizontal width , measured in pixels ."]
["test of parse method , of class finished parser .", "test of parse method , of class message parser .", "test of parse method , of class message parser .", "test of parse method , of class message parser .", "test of parse method , of class finished parser . ."]
["create subject alternative names with set .", "create subject alternative names .", "returns subject alternative names with emails .", "set subject alternative names with emails .", "create set alternative names with emails ."]
["if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if child returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # child ( ) .", "if iter returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) ."]
["we make sure that trying to update the field works if the user has the \" correct \" fails , but failes if it doesn ' t .", "we make sure that trying to update the field works if the user has the \" fails \" role , but failes if it doesn ' t .", "we make sure that trying to update the field works if the user has the \" correct \" role , but fails if it doesn ' t .", "we make sure that trying to fails the field works if the user has the \" correct \" role , but failes if it doesn ' t .", "we make sure that trying to update the field works if the user has the \" correct \" role , but failes if it doesn ' t ."]
["create new builder based on an existing core event instance and and event context .", "create new builder based on an existing base core instance and and event context .", "create new builder based on an existing event instance and and event context .", "create new builder based on an existing core instance and and event context .", "create new builder based on an existing instance and and event context ."]
["test of length method , of class multivariate gaussian .", "test of method , of class multivariate gaussian .", "test of npara method , of class multivariate gaussian .", "test length npara method , of class multivariate gaussian .", "test of method , length class multivariate gaussian ."]
["create a jwt validator that contains all standard validators as well as any supplied in the parameter list .", "create a jwt validator that contains all standard validators as list as any supplied in the parameter list .", "create a jwt validator that contains all standard list as well as any supplied in the parameter list .", "create a jwt validator that contains the standard validators as well as any supplied in the parameter list .", "create a list validator that contains all standard validators as well as any supplied in the parameter list ."]
["gets a property of type property type # path , interpreting the value properly , replacing supported environment variables .", "gets a property of type property type # path , interpreting the value properly .", "gets a property of type property type # path the value properly , replacing .", "gets a property of type property type # path , interpreting the value properly .", "gets a property of type # path , interpreting the value properly , replacing supported environment variables ."]
["returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this selector conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits the svg selector conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector conditions ."]
["parent will have modified time to set to modification configuration # default _ modified _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer configuration # modification _ modified _ time .", "parent will have modification time to set to layer configuration # default _ modification _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer modification # default _ modified _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer configuration # default _ modified _ time ."]
["returns true if the method m is visible from code in the class from .", "returns true if the class member is visible from code in the class from .", "returns true if the class member m is visible from code in the class from .", "returns true if the class m is visible from code in the class from .", "returns true if the method m is visible from class member in the class from ."]
["set verbucht .", "set standard .", "set importiert .", "set lieferweg .", "set anlage ."]
["the option will be converted to a type .", "the disable will be converted to a type .", "this will be converted to a type .", "the stream will be converted to a type .", "the disable stream will be converted to a type ."]
["returns a curve node for a cds points in points upfront .", "returns a curve node for a cds quoted in points upfront .", "returns a curve node for a cds quoted in upfront points upfront .", "returns a curve node for a cds quoted in points points points .", "returns a curve node for a cds quoted in points points ."]
["recursively find all operators under root , that are of class clazz , and put them in result .", "find all operators under root , that are of class clazz , and put them in result .", "recursively find the operators under root , that are of class clazz , and put them in result .", "recursively find all operators under root , that are of class clazz .", "recursively find all operators under %UNK% , that are of class clazz , and put them in result ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to time types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["sets the transform .", "sets the layout .", "sets the transformed .", "sets the transform layout .", "add the transformed layout ."]
["creates an entity and populates its state based on the document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the document document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the document object given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db document given ."]
["set the entity .", "add the entity .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the entity ."]
["an empty numeric doc values which returns zero for every document", "an empty numeric doc values which returns zero for every document .", "an numeric doc values which returns zero for every document", "an empty numeric doc values which returns zero for document", "an empty numeric doc values which returns zero for every numeric"]
["setter for the css class of the content review icon associated with this item", "setter for the url of the content review css class associated with this item", "setter for the url of the content css class icon associated with this item", "setter for the css of the content review icon associated with this item", "setter for the url of the css class review icon associated with this item"]
["returns rolap connection properties # use content checksum is set to false .", "returns rolap connection properties # byte use content checksum is set to false .", "returns connection properties # use content checksum is set to false .", "returns rolap connection properties # content checksum is set to false .", "byte returns rolap connection properties # use content checksum is set to false ."]
["returns an manifest for a given entry .", "returns a manifest for a given entry .", "returns an input manifest for a given entry .", "returns an url for a given entry .", "returns a manifest manifest for a given entry ."]
["returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this selector selector conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this conditions", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this selector conditions", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this selector conditions ."]
["bounded predict predict the rating given a appender vector", "bounded predict predict the rating given a sparse appender", "bounded predict predict the rating given sparse appender vector", "bounded predict predict the rating given a sparse appender vector .", "bounded predict predict the rating given a sparse appender user"]
["one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # label declared before calling this method .", "way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # label label declared before calling this method ."]
["felix constructor documentation for more information on framework configuration options .", "constructor documentation for more information on framework configuration options .", "felix documentation for more information on framework configuration options .", "felix constructor documentation for more information on configuration options .", "felix constructor documentation for more information on framework options ."]
["the choices are : aligned = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom .", "the choices are : vertically = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom .", "the choices are : vertically centered = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom .", "the choices are : aligned centered = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom .", "the choices are : vertically at bottom = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom ."]
["verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at file name param .", "verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at name param .", "verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at file name param .", "verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at file path name .", "verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at name ."]
["returns a better disabled icon than basic look and feel offers .", "returns a better disabled icon than look and feel offers .", "returns a better disabled icon than feel offers .", "returns a disabled icon than basic look and feel offers .", "returns a better disabled icon than basic look offers ."]
["this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / difference and the border .", "this will set the margin between the difference \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will difference the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border ."]
["get the total number of transferred addresses .", "compute the number of transferred addresses .", "get the total number .", "compute the total number of get addresses .", "compute the total number ."]
["convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( callable boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( model boolean , string ) ."]
["backs up all buckets for the id to the given node .", "backs up all id for the device to the given node .", "backs up all bucket for the device to the given node .", "backs up all buckets for the bucket to the given node .", "backs up all completable for the device to the given node ."]
["make job directory manifest service beans are configured as expected .", "make job directory service service beans are configured as expected .", "make job directory manifest service service are configured as expected .", "make job service manifest service beans are configured as expected .", "make directory manifest service beans are configured as expected ."]
["runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving interval milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving iteration millis milliseconds between the invocations ."]
["removes a query focus .", "returns a query focus from the stack .", "removes a query focus from the poll .", "removes a poll focus from the stack .", "removes an focus from the stack ."]
["it satisfies the general contract of the # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the object # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the hash code", "it satisfies the contract of the object # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the object code"]
["native linkable group .", "native linkable .", "linkable group linkable .", "native linkable group", "native group ."]
["returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , completed step set accordingly .", "returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , completed step set accordingly .", "returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , step step set accordingly .", "returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , completed info set accordingly .", "returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , status step set accordingly ."]
["sets the groups used to find an issuer curve .", "sets the groups used to find a curve .", "sets the groups used to find an issuer legal .", "sets the groups used to find a legal curve .", "sets the groups used to find an issuer curve ."]
["sets the amount of damage caused", "get the amount of damage caused by the event", "sets the amount of damage caused by the event .", "sets the damage of damage caused by the event", "sets the damage caused by the event"]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given object to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in ."]
["gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the string used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the string string used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server ."]
["if version is null , \" latest \" or \" $ latest \" , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the package .", "if version is null , \" latest \" or \" $ latest \" , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the plugin .", "if version is null , \" latest \" or \" $ latest \" , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the plugin utils .", "if version is null , \" package \" or \" $ package \" , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the package .", "if version is null , \" or \" $ \" , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the package ."]
["configuration )", "parameters )", "redirection )", ")", "uri )"]
["gets the get threshold parameter value .", "gets the threshold parameter value .", "returns the threshold parameter value .", "gets the parameter value .", "gets the get parameter value ."]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when a file is not the correct size .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when a file is not the correct size .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when a file is not the correct size .", "tests the file system master # check ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when a file is not the correct size .", "tests the file system master # check context ( alluxio uri , check context options ) method when a file is not the correct size ."]
["returns list of nodes matching defined line and column number .", "returns list of nodes matching defined and column number .", "returns list of nodes matching defined token and column number .", "returns list of nodes matching defined line .", "returns list of nodes matching line and column number ."]
["deletes an external id .", "deletes an external id .", "deletes a id .", "adds an external id .", "deletes a upsert id ."]
["calls the specified converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time .", "calls the specified converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time and returns its result .", "calls the specified converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time", "calls the specified converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time .", "calls the converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time and returns its result ."]
["get open id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps .", "open id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps .", "id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps .", "return open id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps .", "returns open id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps ."]
["reports the percentile value from the given list ordered in a non - descending order .", "reports the percentile value from the given number ordered in a non - descending order .", "reports the percentile value from the given list ordered in a non - descending order .", "reports the percentile value from the given percentile ordered in a non - descending order .", "reports the percentile percentile from the given list ordered in a non - descending order ."]
["marks proto member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is also specifically included .", "marks member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is also specifically included .", "proto member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is also specifically included .", "marks proto member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is specifically included .", "marks add member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is also specifically included ."]
["this option allows to configure each configuration file based on the location .", "the option allows to configure each configuration file based on the location .", "this option allows to configure each configuration configuration file based on the location .", "this option allows to configure each configuration file based on the configuration .", "this option allows to configure an configuration file based on the location ."]
["get all the intervals present in the wiki .", "get all the intervals in the wiki .", "get the intervals present in the wiki .", "get all the intervals present in the wiki .", "get the jobs present in the wiki ."]
["return a single reflective method resolver .", "return a single method resolver .", "return a single method method resolver .", "returns a single reflective method resolver .", "return a reflective method resolver ."]
["this is useful for typical blocks in manual java mail code .", "this is useful for typical blocks in manual", "this is useful for typical blocks in manual .", "this is useful for typical blocks in manual mail code .", "this is useful for typical blocks in manual code ."]
["two objects are considered object if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0", "two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( object ) ! = 0", "two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = object", "two objects are considered different if object . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0", "two objects are object different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0"]
["expands all tree nodes .", "expands all tree nodes in the single call .", "expands the tree nodes in a single call .", "returns all tree nodes in a single call .", "expands all tree nodes in an single call ."]
["tests for defaults create info .", "tests for info create options .", "tests for defaults create options .", "tests for defaults options .", "tests for defaults create info ."]
["modified by user info", "by user info", "modified", "modified info", "user by user info"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified future name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["the create ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec create key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the key ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified ."]
["used by builder container ( e . g .", "used by builder ( e . g .", "used by builder model container ( e . g .", "used by model container ( e . g .", "used by track model container ( e . g ."]
["the source db instance must have backup retention enabled .", "for more information , see important : the source db instance must have backup retention enabled .", "for more information , see important important : the source db instance must have backup retention enabled .", "the db instance must have backup retention enabled .", "for more information , see important : important : the source db instance must have backup retention enabled ."]
["requests that the player prepare the media items for playback .", "requests that the prepare prefetch the media items for playback .", "requests that the player prepare the media items for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch the prepare items for playback .", "requests that the player prepare the media items for playback ."]
["getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "suggestions in the amazon cloud developer guide ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["sets current date .", "sets current date date .", "sets current date sent date .", "sets date as e - mails sent date .", "sets current date - mails sent date ."]
["sets the value of the algorithm type property .", "sets the value of the algorithm name property .", "sets the value of the crypt name property .", "sets the value of the crypt type property .", "sets the value of the algorithm type name property ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "in case of user the flux will error .", "in case of failure the flux will user ."]
["adds a network interface into a given bridge of openstack node .", "adds a or interface ( aka port ) into a given bridge of openstack node .", "adds a or remove network interface ( aka port ) into a given bridge of openstack node .", "adds an interface ( aka port ) into a given bridge of openstack node .", "adds a network interface ( aka port ) into a given bridge of or node ."]
["sets the amount of time , in milliseconds , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given host , to allow enough time for the adjustments to take effect .", "sets the amount of time , in milliseconds , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given host , to allow time for the adjustments to take effect .", "sets the amount of time , in milliseconds , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given cool , to allow enough time for the adjustments to take effect .", "sets the amount of time , in milliseconds , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given time , to allow enough time for the adjustments to take effect .", "sets the amount of time , in cool , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given host , to allow enough time for the adjustments to take effect ."]
["constuct a log event .", "constuct a trace log .", "constuct trace log event .", "constuct a returns log event .", "a trace log event ."]
["returns the split brain protection config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations .", "returns the split config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations .", "returns the config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations .", "returns the split brain config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations .", "returns the brain brain protection config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations ."]
["timed invoke all ( , , null ) throws npe", "invoke all ( , , null ) throws npe", "timed test all ( , , null ) throws npe", "%UNK% invoke all ( , , null ) throws npe", "timed invoke the ( , , null ) throws npe"]
["all foreign key index types domain application index resource index", "foreign key index types domain application index epp resource index", "all foreign key index types application index epp resource index", "all foreign key index types domain application index", "all foreign key index types domain index epp resource index"]
["this method checks if the region of path starting at path path offset matches the path segments in segments .", "this method checks if the region of path starting at path offset matches the path segments in segments .", "this method checks if the region of path starting at path path offset matches the path segments in segments .", "this method checks if the region of path starting path offset matches the path at path path in segments .", "this method checks if the region of path starting in path path offset matches the path segments in segments ."]
["indicates whether this alternate needs to use the secondary , non - sql method get matching files ( ) .", "indicates whether this filter needs to alternate the secondary , non - sql method get matching files ( ) .", "indicates whether this filter needs to use the secondary , non - sql method get matching files ( ) .", "indicates whether this filter needs to use the alternate , non - sql method get matching files ( ) .", "indicates whether this filter alternate to use the secondary , non - sql method get matching files ( ) ."]
["this only functions after we have been attached to a hierarchy .", "functions after we have been attached to a hierarchy .", "this only functions after we have been attached to the hierarchy .", "this only preference after we have been attached to a hierarchy .", "we have been attached to a hierarchy ."]
["the rsa vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the options vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa options vault options vault key create options options vault key get options vault key type ( ) options vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa options key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given quaterniondc .", "set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given .", "set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given quaterniond .", "set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given axis .", "set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given quaterniondc ."]
["create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain the callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an callable statement from the pool ."]
["if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the", "if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value", "if the jar file has - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the", "if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the main", "if the module file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the"]
["it is used for adapting this data provider to a filter type provided by a component such as combo box .", "it is used for adapting this data provider to a c type provided by a component such as combo box .", "it is used for adapting this data provider to a filter c provided by a component such as combo box .", "it is used for c this data provider to a filter type provided by a component such as combo box .", "it is used for adapting this data provider to a filter type provided by a component such as c box ."]
["query query for the given query string .", "returns query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "gets query for the given query string .", "get query for the given query string ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an statement from the pool ."]
["creates a metadata coder .", "creates a instance coder .", "creates a instance .", "returns a metadata coder .", "creates a coder ."]
["inserts the object at the tail of the frontier .", "inserts the node at the object of the frontier .", "inserts the unit at the tail of the frontier .", "inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .", "inserts the node at the unit of the frontier ."]
["returns the codec ' s mime type for decoding requested mime type on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used .", "returns the codec ' s supported type for decoding mime type on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used .", "returns the codec ' s supported mime for decoding requested mime mime on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used .", "returns the codec ' s supported type for decoding requested mime type on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used .", "returns the codec ' s supported type for decoding requested mime type on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used ."]
["remove all glyphs that are assigned the provided group .", "remove all free glyphs that are assigned the provided group .", "remove the free glyphs that are assigned the provided group .", "remove all free glyphs that are assigned the provided glyphs .", "remove all free glyphs that are assigned the provided group ."]
["adds insert optimize result uint .", "add optimize result uint .", "add insert optimize uint .", "adds insert optimize uint .", "adds insert result ."]
["returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws a tasks . no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws a tasks no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws a no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws a tasks . no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws tasks . no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["if no sld file", "if no sld file , get an exception", "if no get file , throws an exception", "if no sld file , throws a", "if no sld file , get"]
["use this method if setting this option is not required and to express that it may be .", "use this method if setting this option is not required that it may be .", "build this method if setting this option is not required and to express that it may be .", "use this method if setting this option is not required .", "returns this method if setting this option is not required and to express that it may be ."]
["gets the value of the description property .", "gets the value of the description description property .", "gets the value of the property .", "gets the value of the description .", "gets the value of the description property ."]
["gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , checking nbt or not .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , checking matcher or not .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , not ."]
["this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that starts a thread that serves the task .", "this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task ."]
["creates new day of month in utc in utc .", "creates new day of utc in utc in utc .", "creates new day of month in month in utc .", "creates new day of month in utc in utc .", "creates new day of month in the utc timezone in utc ."]
["set the entities .", "set the set .", "add the entities .", "set the .", "returns the entities ."]
["the option is a : type .", "the option is a type .", "the option a : type .", "the option is : type .", "the option is the : type ."]
["test of from method , of class statistics .", "test of from method , of class statistics .", "test of from method , of class json .", "test of from method , of byte statistics .", "test of from method , of class byte ."]
["infer a schema from an avro - generated .", "infer a schema from an avro - generated specific record .", "infer a schema .", "infer a schema from a specific record .", "infer a schema from an avro - generated ."]
["deletes the element .", "returns the element at the specified position .", "deletes the element at the specified e .", "deletes the e at the specified position .", "deletes the specified position ."]
["creates an empty literal , ` ` .", "creates an empty object literal , ` ` .", "creates an object literal , ` ` .", "creates a object literal , ` ` .", "creates an node object literal , ` ` ."]
["creates an iterable that iterates in parallel over a three iterables .", "creates iterable that iterates in parallel over a three iterables .", "creates an iterable that iterates in parallel over a iterable iterables .", "creates an iterable that iterates in parallel over an three iterables .", "creates an iterable that iterates in parallel over the three iterables ."]
["initializes this . formats", "initializes this audio formats", "initializes this . audio formats", "initializes . audio formats", "get this . audio formats"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sets the partition config level .", "sets the partition storage config .", "sets the config storage level .", "sets the partition config .", "sets the partition raft level ."]
["testing the is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of decomposition class .", "testing the is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of cholesky decomposition class .", "the is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of cholesky decomposition class .", "testing the is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of assert decomposition class .", "testing this is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of cholesky decomposition class ."]
["show tag articles .", "show articles articles .", "show tag .", "tag articles index .", "show index ."]
["creates an instance of row factory using provided schema factory and getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using provided row schema factory and getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using provided row schema and getter factory .", "creates an instance of schema using provided row type factory and getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using provided row factory and getter factory ."]
["create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for request - reply gateway based on provided route .", "create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for request - reply gateway", "create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for request - reply gateway .", "create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for route - reply gateway based on provided route .", "create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for rsocket - reply gateway based on provided route ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in ."]
["constructs a final path to save the data to", "constructs a final to save the data to", "constructs a url to save the data to", "constructs a path to save the data to", "constructs a url the data to"]
["returns the ratios of stack traces indicating back pressure to total number of sampled stack traces .", "returns the ratio of stack traces indicating ratios pressure to total number of sampled stack traces .", "returns the ratio of stack traces indicating back pressure to total number of sampled stack traces .", "returns the of stack traces indicating back pressure to total number of sampled stack traces .", "returns the ratio of stack traces indicating back pressure to ratios number of sampled stack traces ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance from the specified fixing name .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["prints out the created certificate operation details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate certificate details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate cancel details when a response has been received .", "prints out the operation certificate issuer details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created operation issuer details when a response has been received ."]
["hack to avoid disappearing visibility when changing the predefined styles at runtime in safari", "hack to avoid disappearing footer when changing the predefined visibility at runtime in safari", "hack to avoid disappearing footer when changing the styles at runtime in safari", "hack to avoid disappearing footer when changing the predefined styles at visibility in safari", "hack to avoid visibility footer when changing the predefined styles at runtime in safari"]
["if the offsets list is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for each sequences .", "if the offsets list is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for each sequence .", "if the offsets sequences is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for each array .", "if the offsets list is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for an sequences .", "if the sequences list is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for each array ."]
["indicates if the way is available to handle new messages .", "indicates if the way is ready to handle new available .", "indicates if the way available to handle new messages .", "indicates if the way is to handle new messages .", "indicates if the available is ready to handle new messages ."]
["handles a iterator commit .", "handles an iterator commit .", "handles a commit .", "handles an position commit .", "handles an iterate commit ."]
["add a amount ( with the same time unit as the current amount )", "add a ( with the same time amount as the current duration )", "add a duration ( with the same amount unit as the current duration )", "add a duration ( with the same amount as the current duration )", "add an amount ( with the same time unit as the current duration )"]
["gets the additional portfolio information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional portfolio item information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional item information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional information , defaulted to an empty instance ."]
["returns if annotation is present on given annotated element .", "returns if annotation is present on given annotated object .", "returns if annotation is present on given annotated .", "returns if annotation is present on given annotated element object .", "returns if annotation is present on accessible annotated element ."]
["gets the new type .", "gets the type .", "gets the new new type .", "gets the new type type .", "gets the node type ."]
["returns the favorite site with the primary key or throws a no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "returns the favorite site with the primary key or throws a . no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "returns the favorite site with the primary key or throws a no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "returns the favorite site with the primary key or throws a so no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "returns the favorite site with the primary key liferay . so . no such favorite site exception if it could not be found ."]
["create an unnamed , parented injection manager .", "create an unnamed , parented manager .", "create a injection , parented instance manager .", "create an unnamed , parented injection manager .", "injection an unnamed , parented instance manager ."]
["starts local continuous task .", "starts local task .", "starts continuous task .", "starts starts local task .", "local continuous task ."]
["since category uses \" total points possible \" property instead of \" points possible \" property , as in", "since category uses \" total points possible \" property instead of \" points possible \" property , as in assignments instances", "since category uses \" total points possible \" property instead of possible \" property , as in assignments", "since category uses \" total points possible \" property instead of \" points possible \" property , as in assignments load", "total points possible \" property instead of \" points possible \" property , as in assignments"]
["they must not be of amount swap known amount payment period .", "they must not be of type known amount swap payment period .", "they must not be of swap type known amount payment period .", "they must not be of type swap known amount payment period .", "they must not be of type known type swap payment period ."]
["get the address of the datagram ' s data field .", "get the address of the datagram ' s data .", "returns the address of the datagram ' s data field .", "get the address of the datagram .", "gets the address of the datagram ' s data field ."]
["temporary method to upgrade from old staff barlines to staff barlines .", "method to upgrade from old staff barlines to staff barlines .", "temporary method to upgrade from staff barlines to staff barlines .", "temporary method to upgrade from old staff barlines barlines .", "temporary method to upgrade from barlines to staff barlines ."]
["given a pattern and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given and string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given and a string , returns a list with values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the ."]
["the key create create key options is required .", "the key create options vault key is required .", "the key create vault key options is required .", "the key key vault key options is required .", "the key create create vault key is required ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details ."]
["make sure we can get the genie host info instance even if ec2 metadata fails .", "make sure we can get the genie host info instance if ec2 metadata fails .", "make sure we can get the genie host info instance even if ec2 fails .", "make sure we can get the genie host info even if ec2 metadata fails .", "make sure we can get the genie host info instance even if ec2 metadata ."]
["equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) ( distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) .", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) . distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) ( distribution"]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each planar across all bands in the planar image ."]
["converts hex encoded string to byte [ ] if necessary .", "converts hex string to byte [ ] if necessary .", "returns hex encoded string to byte [ ] if necessary .", "converts hex encoded string to byte ] if necessary .", "converts hex encoded string to string [ ] if necessary ."]
["sets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field", "sets the value of the ' filter ' field", "sets the value of the ' bloom ' field", "sets the value of the filter ' field", "sets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field"]
["redshift returns all resources that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "all resources that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all resources that match any combination of the specified keys and values ."]
["generate a form types from a string .", "generate a form from a string .", "generate an form type from a string .", "form type from a string .", "generate a form type from a string ."]
["append tlvmsg to the tlvlist .", "tlvmsg to the tlvlist .", "append tlvmsg to a tlvlist .", "append tlvmsg to this tlvlist .", "returns tlvmsg to the tlvlist ."]
["gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field", "gets the value of the ' keep cells ' field", "gets the value of the ' deleted cells ' field", "gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells '", "gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells"]
["this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ type . type type", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ id . id type", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project .", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ . type", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . type"]
["return type of method signature as a byte value as defined in constants", "return type of method signature as a byte value as defined in constants .", "return type of method signature as a byte value as defined", "type of method signature as a byte value as defined in constants", "return type of signature as a byte value as defined in constants"]
["loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties of key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key properties # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["sets the alignment in the list .", "set the alignment of the items in the list .", "alignment of the items in the list .", "sets the alignment .", "get the alignment of the items in the list ."]
["atomize java items .", "atomize util items .", "atomize items .", "atomize util .", "atomize belegstatus ."]
["constuct a trace log .", "constuct a log event .", "constuct trace log event .", "a trace log event .", "constuct a returns log event ."]
["inspects a given throwable as well as its nested causes , in order to look for a specific exception class .", "inspects a given classes as well as its nested causes , in order to look for a specific exception class .", "inspects a given throwable as well as its nested causes , in order to classes for a specific exception class .", "inspects a given throwable as well as its nested causes , in order to look for a specific exception classes .", "inspects a given throwable as well as its nested causes , in order to look for a specific classes class ."]
["returns an collection on all registered commands .", "returns a collection of all registered commands .", "returns an collection of all registered commands .", "returns a collection on all registered commands .", "returns an collection all registered commands ."]
["returns the server list for the requested cluster .", "returns the configured list for the requested cluster .", "returns the list for the requested cluster .", "returns the cluster list for the requested cluster .", "returns the server list for the configured cluster ."]
["creates a service name for the environment unit to define the service .", "creates a environment name for the deployment unit to define the service .", "creates a service name for the deployment unit to define the service .", "creates a service name for the deployment environment to define the service .", "creates an environment service name for the deployment unit to define the service ."]
["warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e .", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with script ( i e .", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with script ( i", "warning : the url comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e ."]
["if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal is thrown .", "if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .", "if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal is thrown ."]
["returns a copy of this date with the specified field altered .", "returns a copy of this date with the specified altered .", "returns a copy of this date with the specified offset altered .", "returns a temporal of this date with the specified field altered .", "returns a copy of this date with the specified temporal altered ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present ` alt ` or \" / \" is used .", "cased to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present ` alt ` or \" / \" is used .", "the string \" back \" is special - cased to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present alt ` or / used .", "the string \" back \" is special - cased to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present alt ` or / used .", "the string \" back \" is special - cased to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present ` \" / \" is used ."]
["creates all folders at once .", "creates the folders at once .", "returns all folders at once .", "creates all folders .", "creates all folders at returns ."]
["note that the returned bits must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits sequential must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance .", "note that the as bits instance must be consumed in order ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # throws throws .", "type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for the type references whose sort is # throws throws ."]
["write a xyseries series as columns in a csv file .", "write a series as columns in a csv file .", "write a xyseries as columns in a csv file .", "write a chart series as columns in a csv file .", "write a chart xyseries as columns in a csv file ."]
["determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case ( ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case ( char ) java ' s definition .", "returns determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case ( char ) java ' s definition ."]
["returns the run async id number , 1 - based .", "returns the run async id , 1 - based .", "returns the split point number , 1 - based .", "returns the async async id number , 1 - based .", "returns the async async id , 1 - based ."]
["fails silently if no match found .", "fails if no match found .", "fails silently if a match found .", "fails silently if the match found .", "fails delete if no match found ."]
["objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctabs size anchor ctrel size anchor", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the ctabs size anchor ctrel size anchor", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the eg ctabs size anchor ctrel size anchor", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the size anchor ctrel size anchor", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctabs size anchor ctrel size anchor"]
["sets item to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after matching or cancelling .", "sets item to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after matching .", "sets item to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after or cancelling .", "sets data to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after matching or cancelling .", "sets the item to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after matching or cancelling ."]
["create error value with given reason and error details .", "create error value with given berror and error details .", "create error value with given reason details .", "create error value error details .", "create error value with given type and error details ."]
["protocol and proxy will be non - null and ioexception will be null when the connection is successfully established .", "protocol and proxy will be non - null and ioe will be null when the connection is successfully established .", "protocol and proxy will be non - null and ioe ioe will be null when the connection is successfully established .", "protocol and proxy will be non - null and ioexception ioe will be null when the connection is successfully established .", "protocol and proxy will be non - null and ioexception will be null when the connection is successfully established ."]
["get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying holder locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service manager hk2 service locator container .", "get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager hk2 service locator container ."]
["basic test of module layer containing automatic modules", "basic test of layer containing automatic modules", "basic test of module containing automatic modules", "basic test of layer containing module modules", "basic test of layer module containing automatic modules"]
["returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws a sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws a sync no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws a no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws a sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found ."]
["this factory creates a date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates local a zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a local zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a zoned date time from a local date - time and time - zone ."]
["checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection initializes the recycler view with 25", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query .", "checks for internet connection view with 25 categories of the searched", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view"]
["creates cron definition instance matching quartz specification ;", "creates cron definition instance quartz specification ;", "creates cron definition instance matching quartz ;", "creates cron definition instance matching specification ;", "creates cron definition instance matching quartz specification"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging , debugging ."]
["remove the entry at the given position from this playlist", "remove the entries at the given position from this playlist", "remove the query at the given position from this playlist", "remove the at the given position from this playlist", "remove the query at the given entry from this playlist"]
["you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api ."]
["allocate a block of memory of the given size in bytes .", "allocate a block of memory of the given size in bytes , and return a pointer to that memory .", "allocate a block the given size in bytes , and return a pointer to that memory .", "allocate a block of memory of the given size and return a pointer to that memory .", "allocate a block of memory of the given size in bytes memory ."]
["returns the app with the primary key or throws a no such app exception if it could not be found .", "returns the app with the primary key or throws a marketplace no such app exception if it could not be found .", "returns the app with the primary key or throws a no such app exception if it could not be found", "returns the app with the primary key liferay . marketplace . no such app exception if it could not be found .", "returns the app with the primary key or throws marketplace . no such app exception if it could not be found ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["caller should not modify leaving nodes", "caller should not modify leaving node", "caller should not modify leaving endpoints", "caller should not modify leaving endpoints", "caller should not modify leaving"]
["waits until the given element is either hidden or deleted .", "waits until the given element is either hidden .", "waits until the given element is either hidden or deleted .", "waits until the given element is either element or deleted .", "waits until the given element is either hidden or element ."]
["check that the default default section paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null .", "check that the default base default paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null .", "check that the default default paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null .", "check that the default section paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null .", "check that the default base default paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null ."]
["returns a new fresh folder with the given path under the temporary folder .", "returns a new with the given path under the temporary folder .", "returns a new folder with the given path under the temporary folder .", "returns a new root folder with the given path under the temporary folder .", "returns a new fresh folder with the given root under the temporary folder ."]
["setup starts 4 process instances of one task process and 1 instance of one task process2", "setup starts 4 process instances of one process process and 1 instance of one process process2", "setup starts 4 process instances of one task process and 1 instance of one task process", "setup starts 4 process instances of one task process and 1 process of one task process2", "setup starts process process instances of one task process and 1 instance of one task process2"]
["applies a report ontology changes to a collection of ontologies .", "applies a list ontology changes to a collection of ontologies .", "applies a ontology changes to a collection of ontologies .", "applies a stream ontology changes to a collection of ontologies .", "applies a list changes to a collection of ontologies ."]
["the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples per line .", "the file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line ."]
["using the starting mark found for each alteration item , defines all slices .", "using the starting mark found for each alteration item .", "using the starting mark found for each alteration item .", "using the starting mark found for each alteration item , defines the slices .", "using the starting mark found for the alteration item , defines all slices ."]
["it determines time duration that you should wait for permission and reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough .", "it determines time duration that you should wait for reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough .", "time duration that you should wait for permission and reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough .", "duration you should wait for permission and reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough .", "you should wait for permission and reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough ."]
["pieces a list of core maps back together using word and setting a white space between each word todo : remove this ( list to string does the same thing )", "pieces a list of core maps back together using word and setting a white space between each word todo : remove this to string does the same thing )", "pieces a list of core maps back together using word and setting a space between each word todo : remove this ( list to string does the same thing )", "pieces a list of maps back together using word setting a white space between each word todo : remove this ( list to string does the same thing )", "pieces a list of core maps back together using word and setting a between each word todo remove this ( list to string does the same thing )"]
["checks whether memory cache key ( image uri ) for current image aware is actual", "checks whether memory cache key ( image uri ) for current image aware is actual", "checks whether memory cache key ( aware uri ) for current aware view is actual", "checks whether memory cache key ( image uri ) for current image is actual", "checks whether memory cache key ( image uri ) for current aware is actual"]
["returns the resource to edit according to the uuid provided via the tag ' s attribute \" uuid \" .", "initializes the resource to edit according to the uuid provided via the tag ' s attribute \" uuid \" .", "get the resource to edit according to the uuid provided via the tag ' s attribute \" uuid \" .", "returns the resource according to the uuid provided via the tag ' s attribute \" uuid \" .", "."]
["or throws a calendar no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such notification template exception if it could not be found ."]
["for type # error or type # exit actions this can be provided as part of the", "for # error or type # exit actions this can be provided as part of the factory", "for type # error or type # exit actions this can be provided as of the factory", "for type # error or type # exit actions this can be provided as part of the method .", "type # exit actions this can be provided as part of the factory method ."]
["appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # label buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # label label .", "appends a declaration of the given label to buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf ."]
["this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the name name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the file name part of the filename after the last dot ."]
["implements stanza listener .", "implements stanza .", "implements packet stanza .", "implements listener .", "implements packet listener ."]
["returns the authenticating user ' s retweet of this tweet , or null when the tweet was created before this feature was enabled .", "returns the current user user ' s retweet of this tweet , or null when the tweet was created before this feature was enabled .", "returns the user ' s retweet of this tweet , or null when the tweet was created before this feature was enabled .", "returns the authenticating user ' s retweet of this tweet before this feature was enabled .", "returns the authenticating user ' s current retweet of this tweet , or null when the tweet was created before this feature was enabled ."]
["remove and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "removes and returns the node at the object of the frontier .", "object and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "removes and returns the object at the head of the frontier .", "given and returns the node at the head of the frontier ."]
["queries this contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact source .", "queries this contact the given query string .", "queries this contact for the given query string ."]
["the key key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create vault key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key vault key options # get expires ( ) expires and"]
["the get key operation is applicable to all key types and it requires the keys / get permission .", "key types and it requires the keys / get permission .", "the gets key operation is applicable to all key types and it requires the keys / gets permission .", "key types and it requires the keys / get .", "the deleted key operation is applicable to all key types and it requires the keys / get permission ."]
["returns the ( sample kurtosis ) skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( sample ) skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) sample of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) sample kurtosis of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( sample kurtosis skew of all the values within a dataset"]
["get payroll movement with concept is paid", "get payroll movement with concept is paid and is invoiced", "get payroll movement concept paid and is", "get payroll movement and is invoiced", "get payroll movement with concept is movement and is invoiced"]
["prepare the collection of cli tasks ( inputs , books , scripts ) .", "prepare the collection of cli tasks ( inputs , books , scripts , samples ) .", "prepare the collection of cli tasks ( inputs , books , samples ) .", "prepare the collection of cli tasks ( inputs , books , samples ) .", "prepare the collection of cli tasks ( cli , books , scripts , samples ) ."]
["checks a given class .", "checks a given class .", "checks a given .", "checks a given ioexception .", "checks a class ."]
["runs the pig script using pig runner api if version version or above .", "runs the pig script if version version or above .", "runs the pig script runner api if version or above .", "runs the pig script using pig runner api if version version .", "runs the pig script using api if version version above ."]
["provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection config corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a given environment ."]
["if this lookup object has private access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has full access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has private full , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup full has private access , then the caller class is the lookup class ."]
["the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates <INSERT_END> id as the identifier ."]
["add a list of documents to the solr client .", "add a list of documents to the solr client .", "add a list of documents to the client server .", "add a list of documents to the solr .", "add a list of documents to the solr client client ."]
["report the pitch pitch of the nth item , within the given clef .", "report the pitch position of the nth item , within the given clef .", "report the pitch pitch of the nth item , within the given clef .", "report the pitch of the nth item , within the given clef .", "report the pitch of the nth item , within the given clef ."]
["creates a flux of paged response starting from the page .", "creates a flux of response starting from the first page .", "creates a flux of paged response starting from the by page .", "returns a flux of paged response starting from the first page .", "creates a flux of paged response starting ."]
["kafka consumer properties are generated :", "kafka consumer properties are generated as follows :", "kafka consumer properties are generated", "the consumer properties are generated as follows :", "kafka topic properties are generated as follows :"]
["returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list evaluation jobs .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to paged audio .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to paged evaluation jobs ."]
["wraps this subject and serializes the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe .", "wraps this serializes the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe .", "wraps this subject the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe .", "wraps this flowable and serializes the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe .", "wraps this serialized and serializes the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe ."]
["propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( core event ) returns null .", "propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( event ) returns null .", "propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( core event ) returns null .", "propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( core event ) returns null .", "propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( event ) returns null ."]
["complexity : 5 trigonometric , 2 sqrt .", "5 trigonometric functions , 2 sqrt .", "complexity : trigonometric functions , 2 sqrt .", "complexity : 5 trigonometric math , 2 sqrt .", "complexity : 5 functions , 2 sqrt ."]
["returns this supplier if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative .", "returns this defined if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative .", "returns this left if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative .", "returns this either if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative .", "returns supplier if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to optional types , returning null if text is null ."]
["updates notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch state", "updates notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch state .", "set notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch state", "updates notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch . state", "returns notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch state"]
["checks that no scores are infinite", "checks that no scores", "checks that no scores or freqs are infinite .", "checks that no scores or freqs are", "checks that no scores or freqs are"]
["turn a to iterable of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to reactive of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to x of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to iterable seq of eithers into a single either with lists of values ."]
["anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .", "cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the cross flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the origin flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the cross origin flag set ."]
["if not set , a random uuid is generated with id # random uuid ( ) .", "if not set , a random id is generated with id # random id ( ) .", "if not set , a random id is generated with uuid # random uuid ( ) .", "if not set , a random uuid is generated with id random # id ( ) .", "if not set , a random id is generated with id # random uuid ( ) ."]
["set the response type .", "set the type .", "sets the response type .", "sets the type .", "builder the response type ."]
["returns an action to release a the given file descriptor .", "returns an action to release a the given file descriptor and free the given native socket address .", "returns an action to release a the given file descriptor address .", "returns an action to release a the given file and free the given native socket address .", "returns an action to release a the given file descriptor the given native socket address ."]
["note that the returned instance must be request scope . request context # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned request context must be request scope . request context # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request scope . request # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request scope . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned request context must be request scope . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks ."]
["the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota : the points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota : be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "horizontal : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram ."]
["this increases the likelihood of selecting an instance that is hosted in the same data centre as the process .", "this increases the 25 of selecting an instance that is hosted in the same data centre as the process .", "this increases the likelihood of selecting a 25 that is hosted in the same data centre as the process .", "this 25 the likelihood of selecting an instance that is hosted in the same data centre as the process .", "this increases the likelihood of selecting an 25 that is hosted in the same data centre as the process ."]
["check equality between a char sequence and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between a string and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between an char sequence and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between a sequence sequence and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between char sequence and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked ."]
["you must call the # initialize without running ( executor factory , special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key value service ,", "you must call the # initialize without running ( special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key value , executor factory service ,", "you must call the # initialize without running ( special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key value , executor service ,", "you must call the # initialize without running ( special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key supplier , executor service ,", "you must call the # initialize without running ( special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key supplier , executor factory service ,"]
["returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone , either implicitly", "returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone", "returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone , either implicitly or explicitly", "returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone , either implicitly", "returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone , either"]
["returns all the push notifications devices where u = ? .", "returns all the push notifications u where platform = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where u ids = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where = ? .", "returns all the push notifications devices where user = ? ."]
["get delimiter of the report .", "get delimiter the report .", "get the report .", "get delimiter delimiter of the report .", "get delimiter of the report ."]
["get externer kunde . .", "get memo . .", "get kunde nr . .", "get nr . .", "get externer kunde delivery . ."]
["a utility method to destroy a mock trezor device .", "a utility method to destroy a trezor device .", "a utility method to hardware a mock trezor device .", "a utility method to destroy a hardware trezor device .", "an method to destroy a mock trezor device ."]
["insert an async processor ( with dedicated thread , multiple subscribers )", "insert an async processor ( with dedicated , multiple subscribers )", "insert an async processor with dedicated thread ,", "insert an async processor multiple subscribers )", "insert a processor ( with dedicated thread , multiple subscribers )"]
["should subscriptions be considered part of a group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "should subscriptions be considered part of a even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "should subscriptions be considered part of a receiver group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a receiver unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "even if using a unicast , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage ."]
["compresses to the specified byte array .", "int and stores an integer value to the specified byte array .", "compresses an integer value to the specified byte array .", "compresses and stores an integer value to the specified array .", "compresses and stores a value to the specified byte array ."]
["get the email ( email ) of the current user .", "get the username ( email ) of the current email .", "get the username ( email ) of the email user .", "get the username ( email ) of the current user .", "get the ( email ) of the current user ."]
["for information about computing a sha256 tree hash ,", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see gateway api .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see availability api .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see gateway kinesis .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see resource api ."]
["for conceptual information and the underlying rest api , to", "for conceptual information and the underlying rest , go to", "for conceptual information and the underlying rest api ,", "for conceptual information and the underlying api , go to", "for conceptual information and the underlying rest api go to"]
["this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an linked immutable map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable linked map .", "this method returns an linked collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map ."]
["fetch metric in org . terasology . telemetry . metrics and send to the server .", "metric in org terasology . telemetry . metrics and send to the server .", "fetch metric in terasology . telemetry . metrics and send to the server .", "fetch metric in org . terasology . telemetry . metrics to the server .", "fetch metric in org . terasology . telemetry . metrics ."]
["this method returns the psk identity as clear text .", "this method returns the psk identity .", "this method returns the psk identity as clear text .", "the psk identity as clear text .", "this method returns the returns identity as clear text ."]
["r is a rotation transformation specified by the given quaternion , s is a scaling transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the given vector3fc , s is a scaling transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the given , s is a scaling transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the given quaternion , s is a vector3fc transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the given observers , s is a scaling transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix ."]
["includes i phone , i pod touch , windows phone 7 , palm web os , etc .", "includes i phone , i pod touch , android , windows phone 7 , palm web os , etc .", "includes i phone , i pod android , windows phone 7 , palm web os , etc .", "includes i phone , i pod touch , detect , windows phone 7 , palm web os , etc .", "includes i phone , i pod touch , android , windows phone 7 , palm web os ."]
["returns the attachment with the primary key or throws a no such attachment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the attachment with the primary key or throws a mail no such attachment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the attachment with the primary key liferay . mail . no such attachment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the attachment with the primary key or throws a no such attachment exception if it could not be found", "returns the attachment with the primary key or throws mail . no such attachment exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns the destination ' s navigator name .", "returns the name ' s navigator .", "returns the destination ' s navigator .", "returns the destination ' s name navigator .", "returns the ' s navigator ."]
["whenever there is a palindrome , the count increments by 1 .", "whenever there is a palindrome , the count increments by 1 .", "whenever there is a palindrome , the increments by 1 .", "whenever there is a palindrome , the count by 1 .", "whenever there is a palindrome , count ."]
["checks if the source can be parsed as fp ml .", "checks if the source can be parsed as .", "checks if the source can be parsed as", "checks if the source can be parsed as ml .", "checks if the byte can be parsed as fp ml ."]
["test of variance method , of class exponential .", "test of variance method , of class exponential .", "test variance var method , of class exponential .", "test of variance variance method , of class exponential .", "test of var method , of class exponential ."]
["batch options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) .", "create options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) .", "options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) .", "options options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) .", "batch options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) ."]
["sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the scope scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope .", "returns the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope blob contents on the server ."]
["configure a builder ssl config for the http service using the legacy configuration", "configure a ssl config builder for the http service using the legacy configuration", "configure a config for the http service using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder config for the http service using the legacy configuration", "configure a config builder config for the http service using the legacy configuration"]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to _ sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a _ input ."]
["constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and bigtable table admin settings", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and table admin settings", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name", "constructs an instance of table client with the given instance name and bigtable table admin settings"]
["fourth , it is easy to keep a precise record of the number of elements in the stack , since each element has to know how tall the stack is .", "fourth , it is easy to keep a record of the number of elements in the stack since each element has to know how tall the stack is .", "fourth , it is easy to keep a record of the number of elements in the stack , since each element has to know how tall the stack is .", "fourth , it is easy to keep a precise record of the number of %UNK% in the stack , since each element has to know how tall the stack is .", "fourth , it is easy to keep an record of the number of elements in the stack , since each element has to know how tall the stack is ."]
["if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest branch - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if lived branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 ."]
["the reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the language lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the lookup lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the language reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the reference reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class ."]
["obtains the type from a name .", "obtains the type .", "obtains the type from an name .", "obtains the type from a names name .", "obtains the type from ."]
["it is assumed that name meta key string is recognized .", "it is assumed that xry name string is recognized .", "it is assumed that meta key string is recognized .", "it is assumed that xry name key string is recognized .", "it is assumed that xry key string is recognized ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a statement from my pool .", "create or obtain the prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a p statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a prepared statement from my p ."]
["prefer the chest tab as it is the biggest .", "prefer the chest tab as it is the biggest ( with default config ) .", "prefer the tab as it is the biggest ( with default config ) .", "prefer the chest tab .", "prefer the chest tab is the biggest ( with default ."]
["returns the index of the last entry .", "returns the index of the last entry .", "returns the index of the last entry .", "returns the index last entry in the .", "returns the index of the last entry in the writer ."]
["get open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "returns open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "otherwise get open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "get open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options ."]
["if that lookup fails as well , it ' s assumed that the xmpp server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port .", "if that lookup fails as well , it ' s assumed that the server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port .", "if that lookup fails as , it ' s assumed that the xmpp server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port .", "if that lookup fails as it ' s assumed that the xmpp server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port .", "if that lookup fails as well the xmpp server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port ."]
["obtains an instance of chrono from a locale .", "obtains an instance of chrono .", "obtains an instance of chrono from an locale .", "obtains chrono from a locale .", "obtains an instance of chrono from the locale ."]
["a call to map . entry # set value on the returned entry will always throw", "a call to map . entry # set value on the returned entry will always throw .", "a call to map . entry # set value on the returned entry will always throw exception .", "a call to entry # set value on the returned entry will always throw unsupported operation exception .", "a call to map # set value on the returned entry will always throw unsupported operation exception"]
["set menge weight einheit .", "set menge .", "set menge catch weight einheit .", "set in catch weight einheit .", "set menge einheit ."]
["sets menu button icon", "sets menu icon", "sets menu button menu", "sets split menu icon", "sets %UNK% button icon"]
["error responses are never streaming so we always use async response handler adapter .", "error responses are never streaming so we always use async response handler .", "error responses are never streaming so we always use sync response handler .", "error responses are never streaming so we always use sync response handler adapter .", "error responses are never streaming so we always use async response handler async ."]
["perform a click on a \" sub - menu entry .", "perform a click on a \" menu \" sub menu entry .", "perform a click on a \" menu sub - menu entry .", "perform a click on a \" \" sub - menu entry .", "perform a click on a \" content menu"]
["gets the value . mutable for the fox type of this fox data .", "returns the value . mutable for the fox type of this fox data .", "gets the value . mutable for the type of this data .", "gets the value . mutable for the fox type of this fox data .", "gets the . mutable for the fox type of this fox data ."]
["proliferating cell nuclear antigens ( 1 plr , 3 hi8 ) are structurally equivalent c3 homotrimers .", "proliferating cell nuclear antigens ( 1 plr , 3 hi8 ) are equivalent c3 homotrimers .", "proliferating cell nuclear antigens ( structure plr , 3 hi8 ) are structurally equivalent c3 homotrimers .", "proliferating cell nuclear antigens ( 1 plr are structurally equivalent c3 homotrimers .", "proliferating cell nuclear antigens plr , 3 are structurally equivalent c3 homotrimers ."]
["get the reference type for a class classes .", "get the reference type .", "get the reference type for a classes name .", "get the classes type for a class name .", "get the reference type for a class name ."]
["group :", ": consumer", "group :", "group : lazy", "group : producer"]
["queries this contact query for the given search string .", "queries this contact create for the given search string .", "queries this create source for the given search string .", "queries this contact for the given search query .", "queries this contact for the given search create ."]
["# # # effects transmitted password is set .", "# # # effects : transmitted password is set .", "# effects : newly transmitted password is set .", "# # # effects : newly transmitted api is set .", "# # # effects ."]
["note : the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling", "the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling describe job .", ": the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling describe", "note : the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling job .", "note : the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling job ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["resets the log unit server via the batch processor .", "resets the log unit server via the writer .", "resets the log unit server via the writer processor .", "resets the log unit server via the sequential .", "resets the log unit server via the"]
["this will return a duration with 2004 time unit # amount .", "this will return a duration with 2004 amount unit # milliseconds .", "this will return a amount with 2004 time unit # milliseconds .", "this will return a duration with 2004 time amount # milliseconds .", "this will returns a duration with 2004 time unit # milliseconds ."]
["returns service # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # ntriples .", "returns service provider # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # service ."]
["redshift returns all snapshots that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "all snapshots that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all snapshots that match any combination of the specified keys and values ."]
["if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the parent .", "if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the nearest .", "if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the entity .", "if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the known .", "if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the nearest known ."]
["this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the context argument by first passing it to the # resolve session ( map ) method .", "this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the context argument by first passing it to the session ( map ) method .", "this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the resolved argument by first passing it to the # resolve session ( map ) method .", "this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the context resolved by first passing it to the # resolve session ( map ) method .", "this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the context argument by first passing it to the session ( map ) method ."]
["such \" real \" brace is then removed from system groups .", "brace is then removed from system groups .", "real \" brace is then removed from system groups .", "such \" real \" brace is then removed from %UNK% groups .", "such \" real \" brace is then removed from system groups ."]
["after install , this function checks whether everything went properly .", "after install , this function checks whether everything went or not .", "after install , this function checks whether went properly or not .", "after install , this function checks whether everything went properly", "after install , the function checks whether everything went properly or not ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) ."]
["removes the element at the specified position in the elements array , adjusting head and tail as necessary .", "removes the element at the specified position in the elements array adjusting head and as necessary .", "removes the element at the specified position in the elements array , adjusting head as necessary .", "removes the element at the specified position in the elements array adjusting head and .", "removes the element at the specified position in the elements array , adjusting es and tail as necessary ."]
["warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the cannot be registered .", "a warning if the class cannot registered .", "this method logs a warning if the class be registered .", "a warning if the class cannot be registered ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified ascii name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["setter for # allow only requested header", "setter for # only requested header", "setter for # expose allow requested header", "setter for # allow only allow header", "setter for # allow only header"]
["receives an plain xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an plain tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an plain xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives a xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an plain xml tag and returns the tag class that is represented by the tag ."]
["apply a create table change to the model .", "apply a create table to the model .", "apply an create table change to the model .", "apply a table change to the model .", "apply create table change to the model ."]
["creates an entity and populates its state based on the document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db document given .", "creates an document and populates its state based on the db object given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the document object given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db object given ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["atomically sets the values to the given updated values only if the current encoded value = = the expected value .", "sets the values to the given updated values only if the current encoded value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the values to the given encoded values only if the current encoded value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the encoded to the given updated encoded only if the current encoded value = = the expected value .", "atomically returns the values to the given updated values only if the current encoded value = = the expected value ."]
["returns true if the specified test is built by the vendor .", "returns true if the specified factory is built by the vendor .", "returns true if the specified test factory is built by the vendor .", "returns true if the specified test is built by the vendor .", "returns true if the specified is built by the vendor ."]
["a directional arrow is a single arrow drawn in the middle of two points of a polyline to provide a visual cue for direction of movement between the two points .", "a directional arrow is a single arrow drawn in the middle points a polyline to provide a visual cue for direction of movement between the two points .", "a directional arrow is a single arrow drawn in the middle of two points of a polyline to provide a visual cue for of movement between the two points .", "a directional arrow is a arrow drawn in the middle of two points of a polyline to provide a visual cue for direction of movement between the two points .", "middle of two points of a polyline to provide a visual cue for direction of movement between the two points ."]
["returns the current entry ' s entry .", "returns the current entry .", "returns the current entry ' s entry path .", "returns the current entry ' s sitemap .", "returns the current entry ' s site path ."]
["trade attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a trade in a key - value map .", "attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a in a key - value map .", "trade attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with in key - value map .", "trade attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information trade in a key - value map .", ", provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a trade in a key - value map ."]
["exception exception , see error responses .", "exception , see error responses .", "enforced exception exception , see error responses .", "see error responses .", "exception exception , see error responses"]
["get the cosmos db resource throughput .", "get cosmos db resource throughput .", "get resource of the cosmos db resource throughput .", "get cosmos db resource .", "get cosmos db resource resource ."]
["receives an view tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an xml view and returns the view class that is represented by the view .", "receives an view and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .", "receives an tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag ."]
["retrieves software version data .", "retrieves version data .", "software version data .", "returns software version data .", "retrieves software version data"]
["menge in preiseinheit . .", "menge in preiseinheit eff . .", "menge eff . .", "menge in preiseinheit uom . .", "menge in uom eff . ."]
["sets the command of the transaction .", "sets the identifier of the command .", "sets the identifier of the transaction .", "sets the identifier of the transaction .", "sets the object of the transaction ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a statement from my pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a p statement from my pool .", "create or obtain the prepared statement from my pool ."]
["creates an framework resource repository .", "creates an framework framework resource repository .", "creates an resource repository .", "creates an resource framework resource repository .", "creates a framework resource repository ."]
["ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml . jar", "ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml .", "ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml . jar .", "ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml . tc", "ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml . test"]
["find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated with the sequence named in sequence expression along the current path .", "find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated with the array named in sequence expression along the current path .", "find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated with the array named in sequence along the current path .", "find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated the in sequence named in array expression along the current path .", "find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated with the sequence named in array expression along the current path ."]
["helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll", "helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll between dates ( old compatibility )", "helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll between 2 dates", "helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll between 2 dates ( old compatibility )", "helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll ( old compatibility"]
["set the deployment .", "add the deployment .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the deployment ."]
["checks if this factory creates s that simply return the specified column .", "checks if this factory creates s that return the specified column .", "checks if this factory s that simply return the specified column .", "checks if this factory creates s that simply return the column .", "checks if this factory creates s return the specified column ."]
["returns the field component set by # with field ( gui . components . component ) .", "returns the field component set by # with field ( cuba . components . component ) .", "returns the field component set by # with field ( haulmont . gui components . component ) .", "returns the field component set by # with field ( haulmont . components . component ) .", "returns the field component set by # with field ( haulmont . cuba . gui . components . component ) ."]
["this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo 1 file response result against a known value .", "this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo file response result against a known value .", "this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo playlist file response 1 against a known value .", "this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo playlist 1 response result against a known value .", "this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo playlist file response result against a known value ."]
["creates a new atomic navigable map builder .", "creates a new atomic tree map builder .", "creates a new atomic map builder .", "creates a new atomic navigable map builder .", "creates a new atomic tree map builder ."]
["check for expected local values in the live stack frame", "check for expected known and types in the live stack frame", "check for expected known locals and types in the live stack frame", "check for local known and types in the live stack frame", "check for local known locals and types in the live stack frame"]
["group : data", "group :", "group :", ": consumer", "group : frame"]
["set the prompt .", "add the prompt .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the prompt ."]
["any creature that you cast through vizier of the menagerie ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed .", "any creature that you cast through vizier of the menagerie with generic creatures ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed .", "any creature that you cast through menagerie with generic creatures of the menagerie ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed .", "any creature that you cast through vizier of the menagerie with generic ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed .", "any creature that you cast through vizier of the menagerie with generic generic creatures ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed ."]
["returns an immutable map containing eight mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing eight mappings .", "returns a map containing eight mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing eight mappings .", "returns an map containing eight mappings ."]
["returns the specified session attribute of a session .", "returns the specified session name of a session .", "returns the specified session attribute of a name .", "returns the specified session attribute of a session .", "returns the specified name attribute of a name ."]
["method get process step id returns the hadoop running job job id .", "method process step returns the hadoop running job job id .", "method process step id returns the hadoop running job job id .", "method get process step returns the hadoop running job process step .", "method returns the hadoop running job job process step ."]
["index is guaranteed to be available inside that read action , unless this method is already called with read access allowed .", "index is guaranteed to be available inside that action , unless this method is already called with access allowed .", "index is guaranteed to be available inside action , unless this method is already called with read access allowed .", "index is guaranteed to be available inside read action , unless this method is already called with read access allowed .", "index is guaranteed to be available inside that read action , unless this method is already called ."]
["calculates the prime factors of the decimation rate up to a maximum decimation rate of 700 .", "calculates the prime factors of the decimation up to a maximum decimation of 700 .", "calculates the factors of the decimation rate up to a maximum decimation rate of 700 .", "returns the prime factors of the decimation rate up to a maximum decimation rate of 700 .", "calculates the prime factors of the decimation rate up to a maximum decimation rate of 700 ."]
[": big integer ' s to byte array returns eventually longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit .", "big integer ' s to byte array returns eventually longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit .", ": big ' s to byte array returns eventually longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit .", ": big integer ' s to byte array returns longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit .", ": integer ' s to byte array returns eventually longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit ."]
["expected 2 barriers for the serial gc for g1 ( 3 pre + 2 post the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and test for g1 ( 3 pre + 2 post ) the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and 5 for test ( 3 pre + 2 post ) the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and 1 for g1 ( 3 pre + 2 post ) the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial test and 5 for g1 ( 3 pre + 2 post ) the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance ."]
["enable transfer - encoding", "enable transfer -", "enable transfer", "enable transfer - %UNK%", "enable transfer - transfer"]
["apply a \" not equal \" constraint", "apply a \" not equal \" constraint .", "apply the \" not equal \" constraint", "apply a \" not audit \" constraint", "apply a \" not equal \" audit"]
["returns true if this module exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module open exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module open packages exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module permanently open the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module or open exports the given package to the given module ."]
["generate a challenge statuses from a string .", "generate a challenge from a string .", "generate a statuses status from a string .", "generate a challenge statuses from a string .", "generate an challenge status from a string ."]
["set up _ validator from schema plus .", "set up init _ validator from schema plus .", "set up validator from schema plus .", "set up m _ validator from init plus .", "set up init from schema plus ."]
["encodes the given object using the configured # user serializer ( ) .", "encodes the given object using the configured user # serializer ( ) .", "encodes the given object using the user configured # serializer ( ) .", "encodes the given object using the configured # serializer ( ) .", "encodes the configured user object using the configured # serializer ( ) ."]
["returns a writable containing the payload .", "returns a writable size buffer containing the payload .", "returns a writable buffer containing the payload .", "returns a fixed size buffer containing the payload .", "returns a writable ."]
["delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with a given ' prefix ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with a given ' prefixes ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with a given ' [ ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given that don ' with a given ' prefix ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with a given ."]
["amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a read only set", "amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a read only hash", "amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a read only set set", "amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a read only set", "amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a set only list"]
["clears the entire undo cache for all objects", "clears the entire undo / redo cache for all objects", "clears the entire undo for all objects", "clears the entire undo", "clears the entire undo / display cache for all objects"]
["code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options retry ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , options ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options retry retry ,"]
["returns the response object with list of dhcp aggregate without counters .", "returns the response object with list of aggregate servers without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp relay without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp counters without counters .", "returns the response object with list of counters servers without counters ."]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?"]
["test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ special at just one server .", "test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most special , and blob _ deleted at just one server .", "test the case with special _ not _ found errors from most servers , and special _ deleted at just one server .", "test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ authorization at just one server .", "test the special with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ deleted at just one server ."]
["adds in alluxio files to the array list passed in .", "adds in files to the array list passed in .", "adds alluxio memory files to the array list passed in .", "adds in memory files to the array list passed in .", "adds in memory alluxio to the array list passed in ."]
["decorates all services with the specified http decorating service function .", "decorates all services with the specified specified http service function .", "decorates all services with the specified decorating http service function .", "decorates all services with the specified service function .", "decorates all services with the specified decorating decorating http function ."]
["removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata entity .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata key .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified entity id ."]
["the expected nbt for this nbt entry", "the expected value for this nbt entry", "the expected data for this nbt entry", "the expected compound for this nbt entry", "the expected nbt data for this nbt entry"]
["count the total file size , including id files , of database file .", "count the total file size , including id files , of database files .", "count the total file size , including id files , of database stores .", "count the total file size , including id files , of database stores .", "count the total file size , including id files , of database file ."]
["stream ( ) . for each returns elements in the collection", "stream . for each returns elements in the collection", "( ) . for each returns elements in the collection", ") . for each returns elements in the collection", "stream ( ) . each returns elements in"]
["returns bounds of the menu button line part .", "returns bounds of the menu line part .", "returns bounds of the line part .", "returns bounds of the button line part .", "returns bounds of the button button line part ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the server command for the specified control byte .", "returns the server command for the specified control byte ( soon obsolete ) .", "returns the server command for the specified byte ( soon obsolete ) .", "returns the server command for the specified control ( soon obsolete ) .", "returns the server command for the specified control byte ( obsolete ) ."]
["scheduler : combine latest array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : latest array latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["if wrapping object , returns null .", "if wrapping fails , returns null .", "if wrapping fails , returns object .", "returns null .", "if object , returns null ."]
["note that a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that a isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that the mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that an mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer ."]
["updates existing component file .", "updates existing generated component file .", "updates existing component component file .", "returns existing generated component file .", "updates existing update component file ."]
["group : data", "group :", "group : %UNK%", ": consumer", "group :"]
["second , there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target _ records , after which backoff occurs .", "there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target _ records , after which backoff occurs .", "second , there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target records , after which backoff occurs .", "second , there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target _ after which backoff occurs .", ", there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target _ records , after which backoff occurs ."]
["allows to create alignment with the following feature - aligned blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise .", "blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise .", "aligned blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise .", "- aligned blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise .", "create alignment with the following feature - aligned blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise ."]
["returns a jbiterable that groups this iterable into lists of the specified size .", "returns a jbiterable that jbiterable this iterable into lists of the specified size .", "returns a jbiterable that split this iterable into lists of the specified size .", "returns a jbiterable this iterable into lists of the specified size .", "returns a jbiterable that groups this iterable into lists of the specified jbiterable ."]
["calculates the frequency required to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband", "returns the frequency offset required to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband", "calculates the frequency offset to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband", "calculates the frequency frequency required to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband", "calculates the frequency offset required to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband"]
["gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the string used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the string string used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server ."]
["tests that the conjunct future returns upon completion the collection of all future values .", "tests that the future returns upon completion the collection of all future values .", "that the conjunct future returns upon completion the collection of all future values .", "tests that the conjunct future returns completion the collection of all future values .", "returns that the conjunct future returns upon completion the collection of all future values ."]
["combined list of byte fragment at is passed to declaration assembler for merging .", "combined list of byte fragment is passed to declaration assembler for merging .", "combined list of byte fragment edge is passed to declaration assembler for merging .", "combined list of byte fragment at edge is passed to declaration assembler for merging .", "combined list of byte offset is passed to declaration assembler for merging ."]
["initiate controlled shutdown of the transport thread .", "controlled shutdown of the transport thread .", "connector controlled shutdown of the transport thread .", "initiate controlled shutdown of the transport wait .", "shutdown controlled shutdown of the transport thread ."]
["starts the server with the given integration .", "starts the integration with the given properties .", "starts the server with the given properties .", "starts the server .", "starts the server with the given object ."]
["disable compaction on the partition id id .", "compaction on the partition id id .", "disable compaction on the id id .", "blob compaction on the partition id id .", "disable compaction on the blob id id ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to optional types , returning null if text is null ."]
["plugins should communicate via fcp instead of passing objects of their own java classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for plugins .", "plugins should communicate via fcp instead of passing connection of their own java classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for plugins .", "should communicate via fcp instead of passing objects of their own java classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for .", "plugins should communicate via fcp instead of passing objects of their own classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for plugins .", "plugins should communicate via fcp instead of passing objects of their own connection classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for plugins ."]
["returns an immutable set containing three elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing three elements .", "returns an set containing three elements .", "returns a set containing three elements .", "returns an immutable set ."]
["closes the window , i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes , i . e . , if parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes the e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method"]
["this method schedules the enablement .", "this method schedules the enablement for asynchronous .", "this method schedules the enablement for execution .", "this method schedules the enablement", "this method the enablement for asynchronous execution ."]
["converts a swagger parameter to an instance of entity .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of type .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of entity .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance ."]
["create a variant of java . util . properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on properties # get property .", "create a variant of java . util . properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on sorted properties # get property .", "create a variant of properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on properties # get property .", "create a variant of java . util . properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on properties sorted # get property .", "create a variant of java . util . properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on false properties # get property ."]
["returns this layer ' s parent unless this is the parents # empty empty layer , which has no parent .", "returns this layer ' s list unless this is the plain # empty empty layer , which has no parent .", "returns this layer ' s list unless this is the plain # empty empty layer , which has no list .", "returns this layer ' s parents unless this is the plain # empty empty layer , which has no parents .", "returns this layer ' s parent unless this is the list # empty empty layer , which has no parent ."]
[", send a put request to the subresource of the vault .", ", send a put request to subresource of the vault .", "configure vault notifications , send a put request the subresource of the vault .", "to configure vault notifications , send a request to the subresource of the vault .", "to configure vault notifications , send a put request subresource of the ."]
["processes the given message in the page and session identified by the given websocket connection .", "processes the given message in the page identified by the given websocket connection .", "processes the given message in the page .", "processes the given message page and session identified by the .", "processes the given message in the application and session identified by the given websocket connection ."]
["gets the target primitive target type .", "gets the primitive target type .", "gets the primitive target target type .", "gets the primitive target conversion type .", "gets the primitive conversion type ."]
["removes all the tags from the metadata entity id", "removes all the tags from the namespaced entity", "removes all the tags from the metadata entity", "removes all the tags from the metadata id", "removes all the tags from the metadata entity metadata"]
["if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request"]
["strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .", "strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text .", "factory greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .", "%UNK% greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .", "strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text ."]
["actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring transaction synchronization objects .", "actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring transaction synchronization objects .", "actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring reactive transaction synchronization objects .", "actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring transaction synchronization objects .", "actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring transaction objects ."]
["scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error with next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["returns the entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key liferay . contacts . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws a contacts no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws contacts . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws no such entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["whether this configuration is for a partial fully synchronized realm .", "whether this configuration is for a fully synchronized synchronization realm .", "whether this fully synchronized is for a partial synchronization realm .", "whether this configuration is for a partial synchronization realm .", "whether this configuration is for a partial synchronization fully synchronized ."]
["sets the legal entity ids property in the builder from an array of objects .", "sets the entity ids property in the builder from an array of objects .", "sets the legal entity legal property in the builder from an array of objects .", "sets the legal ids property in the builder from an array of objects .", "sets the legal entity ids property in the builder from an array of legal ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' jca ' or ' 1 ' .", "read a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' blank ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes the byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' ."]
["set name of the resource db gremlin database .", "set resource of the cosmos db gremlin database .", "set name of the cosmos resource gremlin database .", "set properties of the cosmos db gremlin database .", "set name of the properties db gremlin database ."]
["sets a secondary record unit id for this record .", "sets a record unit id for this record .", "sets a secondary record unit id on load load for this record .", "sets a secondary record id for this record .", "sets a secondary record unit id on load for this record ."]
["day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts date to be the previous of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the previous day - of - week adjuster be the previous of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts date to be the previous of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the previous day - of - week adjuster of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .", "returns the previous day - of - week adjuster of the specified - of - week after the specified date ."]
["start building a new supplier instance - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier instance - based service binding .", "start building a new instance - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier instance - supplier binding .", "start building a new supplier instance - supplier service binding ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["workflow invalid datamodel exception test .", "workflow datatype invalid datamodel test .", "workflow invalid datamodel type exception test .", "invalid datamodel datatype exception test .", "invalid datatype exception test ."]
["name of task", "name of task .", "name of drop", "name of match", "name of schedule"]
["removes a uri from the list of redirects .", "removes a uri from the list of unique .", "returns a uri from the list of redirects .", "removes a unique from the list of redirects .", "removes the list of redirects ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of 7 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 7 comprehension option .", "creates a for - comprehension of iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 7 iterables option ."]
["returns the argument if it yields no results .", "returns the argument .", "returns the first if it yields no results .", "returns the argument if it yields no results .", "returns the ex if it yields no results ."]
["returns matched name or if name is not matched .", "property name or if name is not matched .", "returns matched name if name is not matched .", "returns matched property name or if name is not matched .", "returns matched or if name is not matched ."]
["usage : 5 quote attribution test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile", "usage : java 5 attribution test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile", "usage : java quote 5 test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile", "5 : java quote attribution test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile", "usage : java quote test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile"]
["the account will continue to have student .", "a account will continue to have student access .", "this account will continue to have student access .", "note : the account will continue to have student access .", "this will continue to have student access ."]
["if false , the built - in ( dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in implementation for convolution layer will be used"]
["set the model .", "set the model id .", "set the model model .", "set the model object .", "set the model id ."]
["makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given method visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given visitor visit all of the method in this list .", "makes the given element visit all of the instructions in this list .", "makes the given phaser visit all of the instructions in this list ."]
["skips bytes from the stream .", "skips input from a stream .", "skips bytes .", "skips skip from a stream .", "skips bytes from a input ."]
["adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ packages _ property from"]
["count number of aggregation exceptions updates contained in the given list of cpowrapper .", "count number of aggregation exceptions updates contained in the given list of content .", "count number of aggregation exceptions updates contained in the given list of content provider .", "count number of content provider exceptions updates contained in the given list of cpowrapper .", "count number of content exceptions updates contained in the given list of cpowrapper ."]
["this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long ) .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , ) .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , ) ."]
["if you upload a part whose size is smaller than the part size you specified in your initiate multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed .", "you upload a part whose size is smaller than the part size you specified in your initiate multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed .", "if you upload a part whose size is smaller than the part size you specified in your multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed .", "note : if you a part whose size is smaller than the part size you specified in your initiate multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed .", "size is smaller than the part size you specified in your initiate multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed ."]
["so if you want to be sure that your iget locator is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "so if you want to be sure that your iproperty locator is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "so if you want to be sure that your iget is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "so if you want to be sure that your iget and set locator is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "so if you want to be sure that your iproperty is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations ."]
["called at the end of a request , after sending the response .", "called at the end of a request .", "called at the end of the request , after sending the response .", "called at the end of an request , after sending the response .", "called at the end of a request"]
["if namespacing is disabled , the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # get app resources ( boolean ) .", "if my is disabled , the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # get app resources ( boolean ) .", "the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # get app resources ( boolean ) .", "if is disabled , the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # get app resources ( boolean ) .", "if namespacing is disabled , the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # my app resources ( boolean ) ."]
["if numerator tree is a + b and divisor greater than 1 , and a and b are less than the length of some sequences , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that sequences .", "if numerator tree is a + b and divisor greater than 1 , and a and b are less than the length of some sequence , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that sequence .", "if numerator sequences is a + b and divisor greater than 1 , and a and b are less than the length of some array , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that array .", "if numerator tree is a + b and divisor greater than 1 , and a and b are less than the length of some array , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that array .", "if numerator tree is a + b and divisor greater than sequences , and a and b are less than the length of some array , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that array ."]
["generates a valid document id for a api referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .", "generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve a api from es .", "generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the api from es .", "generates a api document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .", "generates a valid document id for a api referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es ."]
["add a amount ( with the same time unit as the current amount )", "add a ( with the same time amount as the current duration )", "add a duration ( with the same amount as the current duration )", "add a duration ( with the same amount unit as the current duration )", "add a amount ( with the same time unit as the current duration )"]
["returns the members of this weighted group .", "returns the members of this profile group .", "returns the members of this action group .", "returns the members of this weighted .", "returns the members group ."]
["calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the default locations .", "calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the files locations .", "calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the get locations .", "calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the default files .", "calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the file locations ."]
["the module has the given set of concealed packages and is defined to the given class loader .", "the module has the given set of packages and is defined to the given class loader .", "the module has the given set of module packages and is defined to the given class loader .", "the module has the given set is defined to the given class loader .", "the module given set of concealed packages and is defined to the given class loader ."]
["it shuts down and releases the channel if reference count reaches zero .", "it shuts down and releases the managed channel if ch count reaches zero .", "it shuts down the managed channel if reference count reaches zero .", "it shuts and releases the managed channel if reference count reaches zero .", "it shuts down the managed channel if reference zero ."]
["parses compressed vector from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses compressed vector from the given matrix market string .", "parses compressed vector from the given matrix market input .", "parses compressed vector from the given input stream market string .", "parses compressed vector from the given matrix market stream ."]
["gets the icon url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the icon url of the guild .", "gets the icon url of the guild present and in .", "returns the icon url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the icon url of the guild , if present in ."]
["this method returns the value of the database column s _ user . birthday", "this method returns the value of the database column s _ user . due", "this method returns the value of the database column s _ user . local", "this method returns the value of the database column s _ user .", "this method returns the value of the database column s _ user . created"]
["if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range .", "if # ignore is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range .", "if # _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range .", "if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range .", "if # overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range ."]
["hash code object . hash code method .", "object # hash code hash code method .", "object # hash code object . hash code .", "object code object . hash code method .", "# hash object hash code method ."]
["exceptions include the argument attr . argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if local cache is null .", "include the argument attr . argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if local cache is null .", "exceptions include the argument attr . argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if cache is null .", "include the argument argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if local cache is null .", "speculative include the argument attr . argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if local cache is null ."]
["encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi profile group member to a action profile member .", "encode a action group pi profile to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member ."]
["returns the column criterion currently used to sort the table .", "returns the column criterion used to sort the table .", "returns the column criterion currently used to sort the table .", "returns the column criterion currently used to sort the table .", "returns the column criterion sort the table ."]
["name the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute .", "grouped the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute .", "group the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute .", "grouped query the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute .", "query the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute ."]
["it cancels op task and checks if add - entry operation is not completed yet .", "it cancels timeout op and checks if add - entry operation is not completed yet .", "it cancels timeout and checks if add - entry op is not completed yet .", "it cancels timeout task and checks if add - op operation is not completed yet .", "cancels timeout task and checks if add - entry operation is not completed yet ."]
["second scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "second scenario : key button - > two windows appear , key button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , key esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "key scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed"]
["the option will be converted to a", "the option will be converted to a public", "the option will be converted to any", "the option will be converted to the", "the option will be converted to"]
["see # filter ( predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior .", "see # filter ( predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior .", "see # filter ( predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior .", "see # filter predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior .", "see # filter object ( predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior ."]
["randomize between - 1 , use the specified seed .", "randomize between 1 , use the specified seed .", "randomize between - 1 , use the specified seed .", "randomize between , use the specified seed .", "randomize between - 1 1 , the specified seed ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "operation is eventually consistent .", "this operation is eventually ."]
["returns the key , in the described table , for the named column .", "returns the in the described table , for the named column .", "returns the table , for the named column .", "returns the described table , for the column .", "returns the described table , for the column ."]
["tells if this node command is installed .", "tells if this node command is executable .", "tells if this node command is executable installed .", "tells if this node command is command globally .", "tells if this executable node command is installed ."]
["configure a config for the gateway using the legacy configuration", "configure a ssl config builder for the gateway using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder ssl config for the gateway using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder config for the gateway using the legacy configuration", "configure a config builder config for the gateway using the legacy configuration"]
["returns the least upper bound of the two annotations .", "widened , returns the least upper bound of the two annotations .", "new , returns the least upper bound of the two annotations .", "otherwise , returns the least upper bound of the two annotations .", "previous , returns the least upper bound of the two annotations ."]
["run across all partitions of the collection .", "sets run across all partitions of the collection .", "partitions of the .", "partitions of the sets", "partitions of the sets the ."]
["by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the column name ( e . g .", "by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the column ( e . g .", "by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the name ( e . g .", "by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the header ( e . g .", "by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the header"]
["returns the leaf type of the underlying expression or the given type", "returns the leaf type of the underlying expression", "returns the type type of the underlying expression or the given type", "returns the leaf type of the underlying expression or the given type .", "returns the path type of the underlying expression or the given type"]
["return the largest prefix for the input path .", "return the largest prefix for the path .", "returns the largest prefix for the input path .", "return the returns prefix for the input path .", "return this prefix for the input path ."]
["returns the long value if this primitive value is of size long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is of long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is long .", "returns the long value if this value is of type long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is of type long ."]
["get http resource definition snippet block .", "get resource http snippet block .", "get resource definition snippet block .", "get resource snippet block .", "get resource http definition snippet block ."]
["default implementation returns session result # result _ error _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # error _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ error not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ not _ supported ."]
["set the zoned date that this token expires", "set the date that this token expires zoned", "set the date that this token expires", "set the zoned that this token expires", "set the date that this token expires time"]
["add an action , replacing any existing action of the ( exact ) same class .", "add an action , replacing any existing action of the same class .", "add a , replacing any existing action of the ( exact ) same class .", "adds an action , replacing any existing action of the ( exact ) same class .", "add replacing any existing action of the ( exact ) same class ."]
["if hazelcast security is not enabled , then only the given cluster name is compared to configuration .", "if hazelcast security is not enabled , then only the given name is compared to configuration .", "if hazelcast security is not enabled , then only the given cluster is compared to configuration .", "if hazelcast security is not enabled name is compared to configuration .", "if hazelcast security is not enabled , then only the group name is compared to configuration ."]
["converts data to a string in # encoding _ charset format .", "converts data to a string in # encoding charset format .", "converts data to an string in # encoding _ charset format .", "returns data to a string in # encoding _ charset format .", "converts data to the string in # encoding _ charset format ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a function that checks that a particular mongo expected pipeline is generated to implement a query .", "returns a function that checks that a particular expected db pipeline is generated to implement a query .", "returns a function that checks that a particular mongo pipeline is generated to implement a query .", "returns a expected that checks that a particular mongo db pipeline is generated to implement a query .", "returns a function that checks that a particular mongo expected pipeline is generated to implement a query ."]
["stops all downloads except those that have a non - zero download # stop reason .", "starts all downloads except those that have a resumed - zero download # stop reason .", "starts all resumed except those that have a non - zero download # stop reason .", "sets all downloads except those that have a non - zero download # stop reason .", "starts all downloads except those that have a non - zero download # resumed reason ."]
["action to launch a browser on audiveris handbook", "action to launch a browser on ( local ) audiveris handbook", "action to launch the browser on ( local ) audiveris handbook", "action to launch a browser on handbook", "action to launch a browser on audiveris handbook"]
["parses dense vector from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses dense vector from the given matrix market string .", "parses dense vector from the given matrix market input .", "parses dense vector from the given matrix market stream .", "parses dense vector from the given input stream market string ."]
["get menge aktuell .", "get faktor .", "get menge .", "get kredit .", "get menge kumuliert ."]
["returns the session timeout id .", "returns the timeout client id .", "returns the session timeout .", "returns the session client timeout .", "returns the session timeout id ."]
["checks the dirty status of the ' headers ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' 18 ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' 18 url ' field .", "checks the status of the ' repr headers ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' dirty ' field ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified shift name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["casts the date time to @ chrono local date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ local date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to date chrono local date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to chrono date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ chrono local date time with the same date ."]
["returns enum value for predefined dialog action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g .", "returns enum value for input dialog action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g .", "returns enum value for predefined input dialog action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g .", "returns value for predefined input dialog action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g .", "returns enum value for predefined action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g ."]
["returns an immutable list containing seven elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing seven elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing seven elements .", "returns an list containing seven elements .", "returns a list containing seven elements ."]
["set resource of index keys .", "set list .", "set index keys .", "sets list of index keys .", "set index resource ."]
["this operation requires the certificates / setissuers permission .", "this operation returns the certificates / setissuers permission .", "this operation requires a certificates / setissuers permission .", "the operation requires the certificates / setissuers permission .", "this operation requires the certificates / setissuers operation ."]
["returns the input stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output stream of this message content .", "returns the stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output of this message content .", "returns the cached stream of this message content ."]
["returns a string that is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header and metadata for all cinder inputs .", "returns a string that is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header for all cinder inputs .", "returns a string that is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header inputs .", "returns a string that is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header inputs", "returns is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header and metadata for all cinder inputs ."]
["see fast corner detector for more details .", "see fast corner intensity for more details .", "see fast corner for more details .", "see fast corner detector for more details .", "see fast corner intensity detector for more details ."]
["the media library will call ` on change ( boolean ongoing ) ` if the media library changed .", "the media library will call ` on change ( library ongoing ) ` if the media library changed .", "the library library will call ` on change ( boolean ongoing ) ` if the library library changed .", "the media library will ` on change ( boolean ongoing ) ` if the media library library changed .", "the media library will call ` on change ( boolean ongoing ) ` if the media library changed ."]
["get the order of classpath elements , as an ordered set .", "get the order of classpath elements .", "returns the order of classpath elements , as an ordered set .", "get the order as an ordered set .", "gets the order of classpath elements , as an ordered set ."]
["services incoming multiple write calls .", "services incoming multi write calls .", "services incoming entries write calls .", "services incoming write calls .", "multiple incoming range write calls ."]
["pause all downloads .", "stops all resumed .", "stops pause downloads .", "sets all downloads .", "resumed all downloads ."]
["this method creates a mapping from each index source lookup variable ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input", "this method creates a mapping from each variable source lookup symbol ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input", "this method creates a mapping from each index source lookup ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input", "this method creates a mapping from each index source variable symbol ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input", "this method creates a mapping from each index source lookup variable ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input"]
["or throws a no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a sampleservicebuilder no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such foo exception if it could not be found", "or throws no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such foo exception if it could not be found ."]
["/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : host - port / : timeout - > profiling stop .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : host - port / : - > profiling stop .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : host - port / - > profiling stop .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : host - port / : profiling stop .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : - port / : timeout - > profiling stop ."]
["gets the g rpc server address .", "gets the uri rpc server address .", "gets the uri server address .", "gets the server address .", "gets the g rpc uri address ."]
["tests resiliency when ingress device is down .", "resiliency resilency when ingress device is down .", "tests when ingress device is down .", "tests resilency when ingress device is down .", "tests resilency when resiliency device is down ."]
["returns an unmodifiable containing zero elements .", "returns an immutable list containing zero elements .", "returns a list containing zero elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing zero elements .", "returns an list containing zero elements ."]
["obtains the type from a name .", "obtains the type .", "obtains the type from an name .", "obtains the type from a names name .", "obtains the type from ."]
["this is the smallest positive power of b that equal to or greater than the given x .", "this is the smallest positive power of b that equal to or greater than the given n .", "this is the smallest power of b that equal to or greater than the given n .", "this is the smallest x power of b that equal to or greater than the given n .", "this is the smallest positive power of b that x to or greater than the given n ."]
["warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ( ) for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ( for important security - related information .", "warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ( ) for important security - related information ."]
["updates frequencies by values .", "updates frequencies .", "updates frequencies by dataset and features .", "updates frequencies by values and dataset .", "updates frequencies by values ."]
["maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( descriptor descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to ( descriptor reference no locking ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all descriptor descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor2 ) ."]
["returns this document ' s # content _ url field .", "returns this document ' s # content url field .", "returns this document ' s # content _ url .", "returns this document ' s # content field .", "returns this content ' s # content _ url field ."]
["sets a metadata property for the specified metadata id .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity id .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity id ."]
["see # with chronology ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .", "see # with chrono ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .", "see # ( chronology ( chrono ) for more details on overriding .", "see # with chronology ( chrono ) for more details on overriding .", "see # with chrono ( chronology ) for more details on overriding ."]
["returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a sample set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a sample .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a skew set region of a dataset ."]
["for example , this demonstrates loading from the models jar file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models model file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work ."]
["this method first finds strongly connected components ( sccs ) on a graph made by type data by tarjan ' s algorithm .", "this method finds strongly connected components ( sccs ) on a graph made by type data by tarjan ' s algorithm .", "this method first finds connected components ( sccs ) on a graph made by type data by tarjan ' s algorithm .", "this method first finds strongly connected components ( sccs ) on a graph made by data by tarjan ' s algorithm .", "connected components on a graph made by type data by tarjan ' s algorithm ."]
["returns buffer fragment that is currently focused or null if nothing or buffer list fragment is focused", "fragment that is currently focused or null if nothing or buffer list fragment is focused", "returns buffer fragment that is currently focused or null if nothing or buffer list fragment is focused", "that is currently focused or null if nothing or list fragment is focused", "that is currently focused or null if nothing or buffer list fragment is focused"]
["get current authentication session .", "get current session .", "get authentication session .", "get current auth session .", "get current session session ."]
["returns a list of section names for the course with id course id .", "returns a list of section names for the course course id .", "returns a list of section names for the course", "returns a list of section names for the course with section course id .", "returns a list of section names for the course with students course id ."]
["gets the session2 token as versioned parcelable for the session that this controller is connected to .", "gets the session token2 as versioned parcelable for the session that this controller is connected to .", "gets the session2 as versioned parcelable for the session that this controller is connected to .", "gets the session2 token parcelable for the session that this controller is connected to .", "gets the versioned parcelable for session2 token that this controller is connected to ."]
["creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified http tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing service using the specified http tracing instance .", "creates a new http tracing service decorator using the specified http tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified http tracing instance ."]
["this indicator says if - - interface and - - default search result parameter are visible .", "this indicator says if - - entity and - - default search interface parameter are visible .", "this indicator says if - - entity and - - default search result parameter are visible .", "this indicator says if - interface and - - default search result parameter are visible .", "this indicator says if - - entity and - - default interface result parameter are visible ."]
["then a new basic document is used instead .", "then a new document is used instead .", "then an basic document is used instead .", "then a new instance document is used instead .", "then a given basic document is used instead ."]
["see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock reader , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock region , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( region , iblock access , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock region , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock region , block pos )"]
["writes the resp into the writer .", "writes the response .", "writes the into the writer .", "writes the response into the writer .", "the response into the writer ."]
["first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press key two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , key esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario : key button - > two windows appear , key esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario , key button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first key : press button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed"]
["the import key key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key key options is required and its fields key options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key vault options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and"]
["checks whether the frontier contains not yet expanded nodes .", "checks whether the frontier contains yet expanded nodes .", "checks whether the frontier contains not yet expanded frontier .", "checks whether the frontier contains not frontier expanded nodes .", "checks whether the frontier frontier not yet expanded nodes ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["user has accepted eula .", "user has eula .", "user has generated eula .", "user eula .", "generated has accepted eula ."]
["the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate collection in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an collection . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . 509 collection chain in pem format .", "the input stream should contain an x . collection certificate chain in pem format ."]
["iterable the number of elements in the input iterable that match the predicate .", "counts the number of elements in the iterable iterable that match the predicate .", "counts the number of iterable in the input iterable that match the predicate .", "counts the iterable of elements in the input iterable that match the predicate .", "counts the number of elements ."]
["returns the builder for the settings used for calls to get .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to get evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation audio .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation evaluation ."]
["check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy object .", "check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy .", "check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy member .", "check whether the given member proxy member of a proxy object .", "check whether the given member member of proxy object ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose target is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter ."]
["bind a named parameter - valued parameter .", "bind a named parameter .", "bind a named double - valued parameter .", "bind a named - valued parameter .", "bind a named parameter list - valued parameter ."]
["helper method to remove an artifact .", "helper method to remove a artifact .", "helper method to remove a .", "helper method to remove artifact .", "helper method to remove a root ."]
["in case of ioexception throw an assertion error instead", "in case of ioexception throw an assertion error", "in case of ioexception throw a error instead", "in case of ioexception throw a assertion error instead", "in case of ioexception throw an error instead"]
["calls # execute sql script ( context , database , string , boolean ) with transactional set to true .", "calls # execute sql script ( sqlite database , string , boolean ) with transactional set to true .", "calls # execute sql script ( context , database string , boolean ) with transactional set to true .", "calls # execute sql script ( context , database string , boolean ) with transactional set to true .", "calls # execute sql script ( context , , string , boolean ) with transactional set to true ."]
["performs the trigger check comparing the received event with itself ( this trigger )", "performs the \\ check comparing the received event with itself ( this \\ )", "performs the trigger check comparing the \\ event with itself ( this trigger )", "performs the trigger check comparing the \\ \" event with itself ( this trigger )", "performs the trigger check comparing the received \\ with itself ( this trigger )"]
["checks to see if active or reused .", "checks to see if reclaimed .", "checks to see if reclaimed or active .", "checks to active if reclaimed or reused .", "checks to %UNK% if reclaimed or reused ."]
["make a new label with this as a value component .", "saves a new label with this as a value component .", "make a new label as a .", "make a new label with this as a value component .", "make a jca label with this as a value component ."]
["list of user ids", "user of group ids", "list of group user", "list user ids", "list user group ids"]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of user the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos will error ."]
["returns the element views .", "returns the element view .", "returns the element .", "returns the element element .", "returns the groups ."]
["set the e tag property : the e tag property .", "set the e tag property : the e tag property .", "set the e property : the e property .", "set the etag property the : e tag property .", "set the etag property the : e property ."]
["todo - perhaps a method like set cell type and value ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this", "todo - perhaps a method like set cell and value ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this", "todo - perhaps a method like set cell type value ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this", "todo - perhaps a method like set cell type ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this", "todo - perhaps a method like set cell type and value ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this"]
["send request for execution via # sticky io .", "send request for execution via # io .", "send request for execution via # cli io .", "send request for execution via # jdbc io .", "send request for execution via # thread io ."]
["gets an ordered list of visible screens", "gets a list of visible screens", "returns an ordered list of visible screens", "gets an list of visible screens", "gets an ordered list screens"]
["if the preference is not set , a pathname in a temporary directory is generated , which is automatically deleted on shutdown .", "if the preference is not set , a pathname in a directory is generated , which is automatically deleted on shutdown .", "if the preference is not set , a pathname in a temporary directory is generated .", "a pathname in a temporary directory is generated , which is automatically deleted on shutdown .", "if the preference is not set , a pathname in a temporary directory is generated"]
["this method maps a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", "this method maps a server error code to a router error code .", "this method maps a a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", "router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", ", and then makes corresponding state update ."]
["handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / display name"]
["note that the columns # name column ' s enabled state is ignored as it will always be enabled .", "note that the columns # column column ' s enabled state is ignored as it will always be enabled .", "note that the columns # name column is ignored as it will always be enabled .", "note that the column # name column ' s enabled state is ignored as it will always be enabled .", "note that the columns # name column ignored as it will always be enabled ."]
["chops the token to the specified length and adds dots .", "chops a token to the specified length .", "chops a token to the specified length and returns dots .", "chops a token to the specified value and adds dots .", "chops an token to the specified length and adds dots ."]
["scenario : - ca is only in service trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in api trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust api , as it does not trust ca - api trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in iapi trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust iapi , as it does not trust ca - iapi trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in gateway trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust gateway , as it does not trust ca - gateway trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in api store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca"]
["converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 chars .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 1 chars .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 chars .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 .", "returns an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 chars ."]
["set the output format for the training set files .", "set the output for the training set files .", "set the format for the training set files .", "set the pattern for the training set files .", "set the format format for the training set files ."]
["generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory directory ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory directory ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory directory ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share subdirectory async client # delete sub subdirectory ( string ) ( )"]
["writes an unit to the currently open file , if any .", "writes a unit to the currently open file , if any .", "writes the currently open file , if any .", "writes a to the currently open file , if any .", "writes an entry to the currently open file ."]
["set type property : sets mime content type of the .", "set content type property : sets mime content type of the file .", "set type property : sets mime content type of the file .", "set the content type property : sets the mime content type of the .", "content type property : sets mime content type of the file ."]
["obtains an instance of offset date time from a zoned date and offset time .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from a offset time .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from a zoned and offset time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local date and offset time .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from a date and offset time ."]
["or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found", "or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found ."]
["otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in options .", ", the results returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the setting returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the revisions returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in setting ."]
["adds a \" logical imager \" data source to the case database using a background task in a separate thread and the given settings instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel .", "adds logical imager \" data source to the case database using background task in a separate thread and the given settings instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel .", "adds a \" logical imager \" data source to the case database using a background task in a separate and the given settings instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel .", "adds a \" logical imager \" data source to the case database using a background task in a separate thread instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel .", "adds a \" logical imager \" data source to the case database using a background task in a thread and the given settings instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel ."]
["this information is useful for implicit and safe casting .", "this information is useful for implicit casting .", "this information is useful for and safe casting .", "this information is useful for typed and safe casting .", "this information is useful for %UNK% and safe casting ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging ."]
["returns the function that matches the current request or the specified error code .", "returns the funcs that matches the current request or the specified error code .", "returns the function that matches the current request or the specified funcs code .", "returns the function that matches the current funcs or the specified error code .", "returns the function that matches the current request or the specified error code ."]
["this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version ."]
["returns the formatted name of the type .", "returns the unique name of the type .", "returns the formatted unique string of the type .", "returns the type .", "returns the formatted unique names of the type ."]
["gets a date value from a wmi result as a string", "gets a date value from a result as a string", "gets a date value from a wmi date as a string", "gets a date value from a wmi time as a string", "gets a date value from a wmi result as a string"]
["obtains the type from a name .", "obtains the type .", "obtains the type from an name .", "obtains the type from .", "obtains the type from a names name ."]
["register a known set of audio .", "register a known set of audio transcoders .", "register a known set .", "register a known set of audio or video transcoders .", "register a known set transcoders ."]
["returns a timeout indicating whether the session is open .", "returns a session indicating whether the session is open .", "returns a indicating whether the session is open .", "returns a timeout indicating whether the session is timeout .", "returns a session ."]
["calls plugin # after declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # did after property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # did declare after ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # after property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity and management ( iam ) ."]
["extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test ."]
["returns the minimum java version of this plugin .", "returns the java version of this plugin .", "returns the required java version of this plugin .", "returns the required minimum version of this plugin .", "returns the minimum version of this plugin ."]
["remove every generated files corresponding to a color .", "remove every files corresponding to a wiki .", "remove every generated color corresponding to a wiki .", "remove every generated files corresponding to an color .", "remove every color files corresponding to a wiki ."]
["get the vm url for the embedded active mq broker", "get the vm url for the embedded mq broker", "get the vm url for the active mq broker", "returns the vm url for the embedded active mq broker", "get the vm url for the embedded vm mq broker"]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for blob client builder # build client ( ) ."]
["alias for future # of ( executor , checked function0 )", "alias for future # of ( , checked function0 )", "alias for future # of ( , checked function0 )", "alias for future # of ( service , checked function0 )", "alias for future # of ( service , checked function0 )"]
["version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl", "context version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ context _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl", "initialize version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ initialize _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl"]
["resolves a collection of root modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of and modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a and of root modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of bind modules to create a configuration ."]
["what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . . ."]
["checks whether the extension of the file name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of the name name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of the file is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of file name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the file name of the filename is one of those specified ."]
["adds a list of strings as the payload of the request .", "adds a list of strings .", "adds a list of payload as the payloads of the request .", "adds a payload of strings as the payloads of the request .", "adds a list of strings ."]
["this can result in motion of elements backwards or forwards in the array .", "this can result in motion of elements backwards .", "this can result in motion of es backwards or forwards in the array .", "this can result in motion of elements backwards or forwards in the array .", "this can es in motion of elements backwards or forwards in the array ."]
["depending on what fields each label has , other things will be .", "label on what fields each label has , other things will be .", "fields each label has , other things will be .", "depending on label fields each label has , other things will be .", "true on what fields each label has , other things will be ."]
["this operation does not have a side effect on the position , limit or mark for the buffer .", "this operation does not have a side effect on the position or mark for the buffer .", "this operation does not have a side effect on the position , limit next or mark for the buffer .", "this operation does not have a side effect on the position .", "this operation does not have a side effect on the position , running or mark for the buffer ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["may return empty if this call is not qualified ( no \" .", "may returns empty if this call is not qualified ( no \" .", "may return empty if this call is not qualified ( the \" .", "may return empty if the call is not qualified ( no \" .", "may return the empty if this call is not qualified ( no \" ."]
["string , int , bundle ) when the parent is changed .", "controller info , string , int ) when the parent is changed .", "result info , string , int , bundle ) when the parent is changed .", "info string , int , bundle ) when the parent is changed .", "string , int ) when the parent is changed ."]
["you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache clusters .", "you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache .", "you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache clusters", "note : you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache clusters .", "note : you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache clusters . describe"]
["decorates and binds the specified http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the specified http at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host ."]
["setter for # allow all requested headers", "setter for # allow all requested method", "setter for # allow all headers method", "setter for # allow headers requested method", "setter for # allow all requested all"]
["iterate over all the secret properties secret by each page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "iterate over all the properties properties secret by each page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "iterate over all properties secret by each page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "iterate over all the secret properties secret by each page and call secret client # get properties of secret ( secret properties ) .", "iterate over all the properties of secret properties secret by each page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) ."]
["use the # ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception .", "use the # add ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception .", "use the # ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception .", "use the # ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception .", "use the ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "in case of read the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error ."]
["decorates services under the specified .", "services under the specified directory .", "decorates services under the directory .", "decorates services .", "decorates services under the specified server ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["any function operating on a _ context _ t must offer the basic thread - safety guarantee .", "any function operating on a _ context must offer the basic thread - safety guarantee .", "any function operating on a _ t must offer the basic thread - safety guarantee .", "any function operating on a _ t must offer the basic thread - context guarantee .", "any function operating on a _ compiler _ context must offer the basic thread - safety guarantee ."]
["prepends the stringly representation of string value into buffer , given the coder and final index .", "prepends the stringly representation of byte value into buffer , given the coder .", "prepends the stringly representation of prefix value into buffer , given the coder and final index .", "prepends the stringly representation of byte value into buffer , given the coder index .", "prepends the stringly representation of string into buffer , given the coder and final index ."]
["get authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options .", "returns authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options .", "get auth resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options .", "get authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options .", "get init resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options ."]
["set hide grand total calculation .", "set hide of total calculation .", "set hide total calculation .", "set hide grand of total calculation .", "set hide grand calculation ."]
["unregister the mbean located under the given object name", "unregister the mbean located under the given name", "unregister the mbean located under the given object name .", "unregister the mbean located under the given object name", ""]
["resolves a collection of root modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of and modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a and of root modules to create a configuration .", "resolves a collection of bind modules to create a configuration ."]
["atomically sets the hi int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "sets the hi int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the hi hi value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the hi int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value ."]
["also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new matcher - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon that called copy ."]
["connects the channel to a group .", "connects the channel to the group .", "connects the channel to an group .", "connects the channel .", "connects the cluster to a group ."]
["set the credentials .", "add the credentials .", "set the .", "set the set .", "set the credentials ."]
[", and end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent unmatched call from # build unmatched call children ( )", ", and end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent unmatched call from # build unmatched call children ( )", ", and end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent build call from # build build call children ( )", "end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent unmatched call from # build unmatched call children ( )", ", and end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent unmatched call from # build parent call children ( )"]
["for each library glide module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name .", "for each glide module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name .", "for each child module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name .", "for each child glide module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name .", "for each processor glide module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name ."]
["remove entry at given position from current playlist", "remove playlist at given position from current playlist", "remove entry entry at given position from current playlist", "remove playlist entry at given position from current playlist", "remove query at given entry from current playlist"]
["returns the currently bound bean if any .", "unbinds the currently bound bean if any .", "unbinds the bound bean if any .", "remove the currently bound bean if any .", "set the currently bound bean if any ."]
["assigns the checkbox value to the option specified in the constructor .", "assigns the current checkbox value to the true specified in the constructor .", "boolean the current checkbox value to the option specified in the constructor .", "assigns the current checkbox value to the check specified in the constructor .", "assigns option specified in the constructor ."]
["this method is currently only used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for root serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .", "this method is currently only used for level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching ."]
["create sections out of the foreground pixels found in a provided buffer and contained in the specified region of interest .", "create sections out of the foreground pixels found in a provided buffer .", "create sections out of the foreground pixels found in a provided buffer", "create sections out of the foreground pixels found in a provided offset and contained in the specified region of interest .", "create sections out of the offset pixels found in a provided buffer and contained in the specified region of interest ."]
["returns unmodifiable map of module name to hash string .", "returns byte map of module name to hash string .", "returns map of module name to hash string .", "returns unmodifiable map of byte name to hash string .", "returns unmodifiable map of name to hash string ."]
["get customer keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the customer resque keypair .", "get user keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the customer resque keypair .", "keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the customer resque keypair .", "get key keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the customer resque keypair .", "get customer keypair # # # functional description : returns the customer resque keypair ."]
["or throws a no such device exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a pushnotifications no such device exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such device exception if it could not be found", "liferay . pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found ."]
["more complete search to see if this is a valid package name", "more complete search to see if this is a package name", "more complete search to see if this is a valid name", "more complete search to see if this is a valid package name .", "more complete search to see if this is a char package name"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )", "parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order", "parses the timestamp from the collection list returns them in reverse sorted order (", "parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order", "parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent )"]
["set up _ validator from schema plus .", "set up init _ validator from schema plus .", "set up validator from schema plus .", "set up m _ validator from init plus .", "set up init from schema plus ."]
["used to store a few ui related settings for the current session only .", "used to store the few ui related settings for the current session only .", "used to store a few ui related settings for the current ui only .", "used to store a few ui ui settings for the current session only .", "used to store an few ui related settings for the current session only ."]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when no files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when no files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when no files are consistent .", "tests the file system master consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when no files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency ) method when no files are consistent ."]
["tests the text index .", "tests the index index .", "tests the index .", "attribute the text index .", "tests the text index ."]
["get one share download id for zipped images ( media )", "get one time share id for zipped images ( media )", "get one time download share for zipped images ( media )", "get share time download id for zipped images ( media )", "get one time download id for share images ( media )"]
["set the intent .", "set the set .", "set the .", "add the intent .", "returns the intent ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one or cosmos feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one or several flux response of the obtained items ."]
["as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with the", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail", "binding involves resolution then it may fail with"]
["this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .", "task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task ."]
["code for reading alt site records from a table", "code for reading alt site records from a table .", "code for reading alt site records", "code for reading alt site records from an table", "code for reading alt site records from the table"]
["stub of plugin # after declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # did after getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after after declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override"]
["get content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to file .", "get encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to file .", "get the content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to the .", "content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to file .", "get content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to ."]
["make sure to # release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # pool parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # %UNK% parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # pool ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .", "make sure to # release parser ( saxparser ) in a pool every time you call this ."]
["test of parse suppression rules v1 method , of class suppression parser .", "test of parse suppression rules v1 _ 0 method , of class suppression parser .", "test of parse suppression rules v1 _ method , of class suppression parser .", "test of parse suppression v1 method , of class suppression parser .", "test of parse suppression rules method , of class suppression parser ."]
["sets the media source to be used by the test runner .", "sets the source to be used by the test runner .", "sets the source sources to be used by the test runner .", "sets the media source to be used by the test runner .", "sets the source source to be used by the test runner ."]
["tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . instances", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider .", "tests the ability to register , test and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances ."]
["group : accept", "group : producer", "accept : producer", "group : %UNK%", "group : endpoint"]
["sets new seeding strategy .", "sets new strategy .", "sets new iseeding seeding .", "seeding new iseeding strategy .", "sets new iseeding strategy ."]
["returns an immutable list containing five elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing five elements .", "returns an list containing five elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing five elements .", "returns a list containing five elements ."]
["obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is bound in the current scope , if any .", "obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is scoped in the current scope , if any .", "obtains the internal provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is scoped in the current scope , if any .", "obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is internal in the current scope , if any .", "obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is internal scoped in the current scope , if any ."]
["tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string , string , string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components .", "tests uri # alluxio uri ( string , string , string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri string string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( , string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components ."]
["get the identifier representing the exception thrown", "get the expression representing the exception thrown", "returns the identifier representing the exception thrown", "get the representing the exception thrown", "get the exception representing the exception thrown"]
["the cleanup should be registered after the fd is set in the file descriptor .", "the cleanup should be registered after the fd is set in the descriptor .", "the should be registered after the fd is set in the file descriptor .", "the cleanup should be registered after the fd is set in the", "fd is set in the ."]
["this is a place holder in case in the future we wish to be able to reload aggregates .", "future we wish to be able to reload aggregates .", "case in the future we wish to be able to reload aggregates .", "this is the place holder in case in the future we wish to be able to reload aggregates .", "the future we wish to be able to reload aggregates ."]
["gets all actors from database .", "gets all actors from .", "gets all actors .", "gets all actors from run .", "gets the actors from database ."]
["logs collection , elem and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection , element and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection , t and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs elem , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains ."]
["set the label .", "set the .", "set the set .", "add the label .", "returns the label ."]
["returns a configuration configuration for the tests", "returns a task services configuration for the tests", "returns a task services configuration for the tests", "returns a task configuration for the tests", "returns a configuration for the tests"]
["generates transaction trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash .", "generates random transaction trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash .", "generates random trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash .", "generates trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash .", "generates the transaction trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash ."]
["scheduler : combine latest array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["a is built when the jar is created .", "a is built .", "the is built when the jar is created .", "a is built when a jar is created .", "built when the jar is created ."]
["gets the name of the associated split if any .", "gets the name of the associated split brain protection if any .", "gets the name .", "gets the name of the split quorum if any .", "gets the name of the associated brain brain protection if any ."]
["- java . lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ ci [ bii ) i", "- src . lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ ci [ bii ) i", "- lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ ci [ bii ) i", "- dest . lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ ci [ bii ) i", "- . lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ src [ bii ) i"]
["sets crypto job as succeeded", "sets decryption as crypto job", "sets crypto as succeeded", "sets decryption as crypto", "sets job as succeeded"]
["queries this search for the given search pattern .", "queries this search create for the given search pattern .", "queries this search query for the given search pattern .", "create this search source for the given search pattern .", "query this search source for the given search pattern ."]
["test for [ jackson - 328 ] , precedence of \" getter - as - setter \" ( for lists ) versus field for same property .", "test for [ jackson - 328 ] , precedence of \" getter - as - setter \" ( for lists versus field for same property .", "test for [ jackson - 328 , precedence of \" getter - as - setter \" ( for lists ) versus field for same property .", "precedence of \" getter - as - setter \" ( for lists ) versus field for same property .", "test for [ jackson - 328 ] , precedence of \" getter - as - setter \" ( for ) versus field same property ."]
["if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .", "in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and label and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the , then the whole string becomes the , and lemma and tag are ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url # poller", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . poller copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url # blob", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . begin copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . blob copy from url # string"]
["the configuration is saved under the config name defined by split brain protection config # get name ( ) .", "the configuration is saved under the config name defined by split config # get name ( ) .", "the configuration is saved under the config name defined by split brain protection brain protection config # get name ( ) .", "the configuration is saved under the config name defined by config # get name ( ) .", "the configuration is saved under the config name defined by split brain protection protection protection config # get name ( ) ."]
["checks if a catalog resolver is available .", "checks if a resolver is available .", "checks if a manager resolver is available .", "checks if the catalog resolver is available .", "checks if catalog resolver is available ."]
["a candidate package name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate module name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a module using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash ."]
["indicates whether this charset is known to be registered in the iana", "indicates whether this charset is known to be in the iana", "indicates whether this charset is known to be registered in the iana .", "indicates whether this charset is known to be registered in the name", "indicates whether this charset is name to be registered in the iana"]
["this call prevents automatic request scope . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request context . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request context . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request . instance # release ( ) release of the request context instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents request request context . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished ."]
["sets the http service and returns the server builder that this service binding builder was created from .", "sets the service and returns the server builder that this service binding builder was created from .", "sets the service and sets the http server builder that this service binding builder was created from .", "sets the http and returns the server builder that this service binding builder was created from .", "sets the http and returns the server builder that this service binding builder was created from ."]
["aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given sources have been fulfilled .", "given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled ."]
["withings api into a list of calories burned1 data point objects .", "withings api into a list of calories data point objects .", "withings api into a list of calories burned burned1 point objects .", "withings api into a list of calories burned data point objects .", "withings api into a list of calories burned data point burned1 ."]
["target # on ( class ) method has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference .", "# on ( class ) method has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference .", "has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference .", "on ( class ) method has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference .", "method has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference ."]
["code snippets for data lake path client # set list access control ( path access control )", "code snippets for data lake path client # set access control ( list path access control )", "code snippets for data lake path client # set access control ( path list access control )", "code snippets for data lake path client # set entry access control ( path access control )", "code snippets for data lake path client # set access list control ( path access control )"]
["bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new callback on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( on new breadcrumb callback ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag ( on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag on . breadcrumb callback ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )"]
["get all pinot realtime table names .", "returns all pinot realtime table names .", "get all realtime realtime table names .", "get all realtime table names .", "gets all pinot realtime table names ."]
["raf is more robust , but does not allow access ( parallel read and writes ) .", "raf is more robust , but does not allow file access ( parallel read and writes ) .", "raf is more file , but does not allow concurrent access ( parallel read and writes ) .", "raf is more robust ( parallel read and writes ) .", "allow ( parallel read and writes ) ."]
["query by given select builder", "query by given builder", "query by given select builder .", "query by select builder", "query select builder"]
["removes all the sync d l objects where repository = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where company = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where type = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where anwenden = ?"]
["when add / rm element", "when add / rm / mv element .", "when add / mv element", "when add / %UNK% / mv element", "when adds / rm / mv element"]
["whether or not this is a hidden gas .", "whether or not this is a hidden .", "whether or not this is a hidden gas .", "whether or not this is a gas .", "whether or not this is an hidden ."]
["sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the 18 style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the right"]
["creates the jdeps file path if needed .", "creates the jdeps file .", "creates the jdeps path artifact if needed .", "creates the jdeps file if needed .", "returns the jdeps file artifact if needed ."]
["returns the configured css head include resources .", "returns the configured head include resources .", "returns the configured css head resources .", "returns the configured css include resources .", "returns the configured css head csshead resources ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to duration types , returning null if text is null ."]
["download or stream an image ( media ) from an shared album .", "download or stream an image from an shared album .", "download or stream an image ( media ) from a album .", "download stream an image ( from an shared album .", "download stream an image ( ) from an shared album ."]
["tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .", "tests assert that the http can be deleted after unlock the http .", "tests assert that can be deleted after unlock setting .", "tests assert that the setting with response can be deleted after unlock the setting with response .", "tests with response assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting ."]
["tests for pattern = string scalar int sequence .", "tests for pattern = string scalar int .", "tests for pattern = scalar int sequence .", "tests for = string scalar int sequence .", "tests for pattern = string scalar sequence ."]
["configures ssl / tls for https jetty server", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty server / client", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty client", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty server", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty server"]
["called by library session2 stub # get item ( imedia controller2 , string ) .", "called by library result session2 stub # get item ( imedia controller2 , string ) .", "called by session2 stub # get item ( imedia controller2 , string ) .", "called by library result stub # get item ( imedia controller2 , string ) .", "called by media session2 stub # library item ( imedia controller2 , string ) ."]
["see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( category path , int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry .", "see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry .", "see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( path , int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry .", "see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( int path , int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry .", "see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( l path , int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry ."]
["compares if the file md5 matches a given hash hash", "compares if the hash md5 matches a given md5 hash", "compares if the file md5 matches a given hash hash", "compares if the file md5 matches a hash", "compares if the given hash matches a given md5 hash"]
["returns the k b comment with the primary key or throws a no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b comment with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b comment with the primary key liferay . knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b comment with the primary key or throws knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b comment with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found ."]
["registers implementing class of the transform algorithm with algorithm uri", "registers implementing class of the transform algorithm with algorithm uri .", "registers class of the transform algorithm with algorithm uri", "registers implementing class of the algorithm with algorithm uri", "implementing class of the transform algorithm with algorithm uri"]
["if several time values are inferred , pick up the highest one and reject the mappings that led to other values .", "if time values are inferred , pick up the highest one and reject the mappings that led to other values .", "if several time values are inferred , pick up the highest one", "if several time values are inferred , pick up the highest one .", "if several time values are inferred , pick up the highest one to other ."]
["this method can be overridden by realm implementations , but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent authenticated", "this method can be overridden by realm implementations , but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent", "but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent authenticated", "can be overridden by realm implementations , but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent authenticated", "this method can be overridden by implementations , but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent authenticated"]
["determines whether a character is a letter or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is a letter or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( ) java ' s definition .", "whether a character is a letter or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character plain a or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether plain letter or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( char ) java ' s definition ."]
["call back after receiving message header .", "call back after receiving file message header .", "call back after receiving header .", "call back after file message header .", "call back after receiving message message header ."]
["we must access this directly rather than via method thread . get id ( ) because get id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings .", "we must access this directly rather than via method thread id ( ) because get id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings", "we must access this directly rather than via method id ( ) because id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings .", "we must access this directly than via method thread . get id ( ) because get id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings .", "we must access this rather than via method thread . get id ( ) because get id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings ."]
["returns all the sync d l objects where repository = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where company = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where type = ?"]
["send a message from this node to all nodes", "send a message from this node to all recv ( including self )", "send a message from this recv to all nodes ( including self )", "send a message from this node to all send ( including self )", "send a message from this node to all nodes ."]
["returns an immutable map containing nine mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing nine mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing nine mappings .", "returns a map containing nine mappings .", "returns an map containing nine mappings ."]
[": - - add - exports / = ( , )", "- - add - exports / = ( , )", "the expected format is : add exports / = ( , )", "the format is : - - add - exports / = ( , )", "the expected format is - - add - exports / = ( , )"]
["execute http request .", "execute http request and produce a response .", "execute http and produce a response .", "execute http http and produce a response .", "execute http produce a response ."]
["add entity value synonym .", "add create value synonym .", "add value synonym .", "add synonym value synonym .", "add entity synonym ."]
["store the specified realm properties and child ( realm )", "store the specified realm properties and child ( credential handler )", "store the specified credential properties and child ( credential )", "store the specified realm credential and child ( realm )", "store the specified realm properties and child ( credential )"]
["set the dialog node .", "sets the dialog node .", "set the node .", "builder the dialog node .", "sets the node ."]
["get the value of a property in a specific buck rule body .", "get the value of a function in a specific buck rule body .", "get the value of a trailer in a specific buck rule body .", "gets the value of a property in a specific buck rule body .", "get the value of an function in a specific buck rule body ."]
["for more information about the vault locking ,", "for more information about the vault locking process", "for more information about the vault locking process vault ,", "for more information about the vault locking", "for more information about the vault locking process compute ,"]
["set time unit .", "set time .", "set repeated time unit .", "set time time .", "set time unit password ."]
["gets the value of the ' row key ' field", "gets the value of the ' key ' field", "gets the value of the ' row ' field", "gets the value of the ' row key", "gets the value of the ' row key '"]
["when a term is reactivated , it ' s invoice candidate needs to be deleted .", "when a term is reactivated , its invoice candidate needs to be deleted .", "when a term is reactivated needs to be deleted .", "when a term is reactivated candidate needs to be deleted .", "when a term is reactivated ' s invoice candidate needs to be deleted ."]
["deletes the feedback question and the responses associated to it .", "deletes the feedback question .", "deletes the feedback question cascade and the responses associated to it .", "deletes the feedback feedback cascade and the responses associated to it .", "deletes the cascade question and the responses associated to it ."]
["returns the host associated with this exception .", "returns the host string associated with this exception .", "returns the host .", "returns the host host associated with this exception .", "returns the host this exception ."]
["see # begin ( txn type ) for more details an options .", "see # begin ( txn ) for more details an options .", "see # begin ( txn mode ) for more details an options .", "see # begin ( txn type ) for more details an options .", "see # begin ( type mode ) for more details an options ."]
["helper method to register wiki components from a given document .", "method to register wiki components from a given document .", "helper method to register wiki components from a given document .", "helper method to register wiki components from the given document .", "helper method to register document components from a given document ."]
["encode data map as a byte string using byte string unsafe wrap .", "data map as a byte string using byte string unsafe wrap .", "encode data map as a string using string unsafe wrap .", "data map as a using byte string unsafe wrap .", "starts data map as a byte string using byte string unsafe wrap ."]
["sets the space between space .", "sets the space between children .", "sets the space between children .", "sets the space .", "sets the space between horizontal ."]
["getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "suggestions in the amazon cloud developer guide ."]
["returns the list of available devices for the current platform , if any immutable", "returns the list of available devices for the current platform , if any", "returns the immutable list of available devices for the current platform , if any", "returns the list of available immutable for the current platform , if any", "returns the list of available list for the current platform , if any"]
["if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this cluster name will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this name will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this group cluster will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this cluster will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate cluster id property defined , this group name will also be used as a wan publisher id ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["creates an instance of token verifier from the given string on a jwt of the given class .", "creates an instance of verifier from the given string on a jwt of the given class .", "creates an instance of token verifier from the given token on a jwt of the given class .", "creates an instance of token verifier from the given string on a jwt of the given token .", "creates an token of token verifier from the given string on a jwt of the given class ."]
["retrieves the uid - fuse .", "retrieves the id and primary gid of the user running alluxio - fuse .", "retrieves the running alluxio - fuse .", "retrieves the uid running alluxio - fuse .", "retrieves the - fuse ."]
["test a used as a fifo queue .", "test an array used as a fifo queue .", "test an xqarray used as a fifo queue .", "test an queue used as a fifo queue .", "test a array used as a fifo queue ."]
["set menge aktuell .", "set faktor .", "set betrag menge .", "set menge kumuliert .", "set betrag ."]
["get the buffer blocks map .", "get the shader blocks map .", "get the buffer buffer blocks map .", "get the shader buffer blocks map .", "get the blocks map ."]
["all collection , in the top - down order .", "all profiles , in the top - down order .", "all descendants .", "all children , in the top - down order .", "an collection , in the top - down order ."]
["extract the values of given fields / properties from the object under test into an list , this new array becoming the object under test .", "extract the values of given fields / properties from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "extract the values of given list / properties from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "the values of given fields / properties from the object under test into an new list , this new array becoming the object under test .", "extract the values of given fields / properties from the object under test into an array , this an list becoming the object under test ."]
["if array length access node is an array length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that array length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the array length .", "if sequence length access node is an array length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that array length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the array length .", "if sequence length access node is an sequence length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that sequence length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the sequence length .", "if array length access node is a sequence length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that array length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the array length .", "if length length access node is an array length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that array length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the array length ."]
["notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event event", "connection this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the identifier of this action profile group .", "returns the identifier of this action group .", "returns the group of this action profile group .", "returns the identifier of this profile group .", "returns the of this action profile group ."]
["then pick the second highest from the array .", "then prefetched the second highest from the array and insert to result according to k .", "then element the second highest from the array and insert to result according to k .", "then queue the second highest from the array and insert to result according to k .", "then pick the second highest from the array according to k ."]
["returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable kernel .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the verarbeiten spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable"]
["gets information about the certificate which represents the certificate properties from the key vault .", "gets information about the certificate which operation the certificate properties from the key vault .", "gets information about the certificate which sync the certificate properties from the key vault .", "gets information about the certificate which represents the certificate operation from the key vault .", "gets information about the certificate which operation poller the certificate properties from the key vault ."]
["returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence offset of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence with offset of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence offset of ."]
["allows to capture and then assert on a throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas .", "allows to capture assert on a throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas .", "allows to capture and assert on a throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas .", "allows to thrown and then assert on a throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas .", "allows to capture and then assert on the throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas ."]
["the return map keys are index , type , field .", "type , field ( as specified in the request ) .", "the return map keys are index type , field ( .", "the map keys are index , type , field ( as specified in the request ) .", "index , type , field ( as specified in the request ) ."]
["run 4 f with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run f with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run 4 f with parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run 4 f with fixed parameters .", "run fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard ."]
["redirects the repository configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected .", "redirects the aar configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected .", "redirects the configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected .", "repository the aar configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected .", "redirects repository aar configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of zoned date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of zoned date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of time ."]
["the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs .", "separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input fields must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line ."]
["list of realm used to verify signed tokens", "list of key used to verify signed tokens", "list of certificates used to verify signed tokens", "list of public used to verify signed tokens", "list of realm key used to verify signed tokens"]
["attempts to add an endpoint to the replicas for this datacenter , adding to the endpoints set if successful .", "attempts to add an endpoint to the replicas for this datacenter .", "attempts to add an endpoint to the replicas for this datacenter", "attempts to add a to the replicas for this datacenter , adding to the endpoints set if successful .", "attempts to add an endpoint to the replicas for this datacenter successful ."]
["return all keys matching the search query , without pagination nor facets", "return all keys matching the search query , without pagination nor facets .", "return all rule matching the search query , without pagination nor facets", "return all integer matching the search query , without pagination nor facets", "return the keys matching the search query , without pagination nor facets"]
["if servlet version is used , the cookie will be marked as http only .", "if servlet version is used , the cookie will be marked as only .", "the cookie will be marked as http only .", "if version is used , the cookie will be marked as http only .", ", the cookie will be marked as http ."]
["adds libraries from the given native linkable group .", "adds libraries from the given native group .", "adds libraries from the given native .", "adds libraries from the given native native group .", "adds libraries from the given linkable group linkable ."]
["see args # get offload executor .", "see args # get executor .", "see args # get blocking offload .", "see offload # get blocking executor .", "see args # get blocking executor ."]
["returns the ( sample ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample kurtosis ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample kurtosis estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample kurtosis excess estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset ."]
["this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .", "note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than ."]
["tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a sequence based on the given sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter ."]
["does not escape character data in must already be valid xml", "does not escape character data in val , must already be valid xml", "does not escape character data in val", "does not escape character data", "does not escape character data must already be valid xml"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for user and debugging ."]
["associates this cache configuration to a split brain protection .", "associates this cache configuration to a split .", "associates this cache configuration to a quorum .", "associates this split brain protection configuration to a quorum .", "associates this cache configuration to a name ."]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity and management ( iam ) ."]
["returns the signing request date in utc zone of the signing date .", "returns the formatted request date in utc zone of the signing date .", "returns the formatted date in utc zone of the signing request date .", "returns the formatted date in utc zone of the formatted request date .", "returns the formatted date in utc zone of the signing date ."]
["when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the annotation if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .", "when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated ."]
["for information about computing a sha256 tree hash ,", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see deleting api .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see gateway api .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see amazon kinesis .", "for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see resource api ."]
["obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is valid and available for use .", "obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is valid for use .", "obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is valid .", "obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is valid .", "obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is zone and available for use ."]
["create new note .", "create note .", "create create note .", "creates new note .", "create given note ."]
["build a supplier resolution message from the given supplier .", "build a of resolution message from the given supplier .", "build an supplier resolution message from the given supplier .", "build a resolution message from the given supplier .", "of a lazy resolution message from the given supplier ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( ) ) of the input image ."]
["gets the value of the cycle option property .", "gets the value of the cycle property .", "gets the value of the option property .", "gets the value of the option cycle property .", "gets the value of the property option property ."]
["gets the value of default user name ( login or username ) .", "gets the value of default name user ( login or username ) .", "gets the value of default user .", "gets the value of default name ( login or username ) .", "gets the value of user name user ( login or username ) ."]
["non - null optional .", "non - null password .", "password .", "non - optional password .", "non - null password ."]
["if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration current configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration their configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values ."]
["this will return the key key with key material included of its latest version .", "this will return the key key with key material included of its properties version .", "this will return the key key with key material included of its latest properties .", "this will return the properties of key key with key material included of its latest version .", "this will return the key key with key material properties of its latest version ."]
["set the behavior .", "set the set .", "add the behavior .", "set the .", "set the behavior ."]
["set data import id .", "set data import .", "set c import id .", "set data import _ import id .", "set data import _ data id ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["validates whether the character is possible in the mask of the set of possible base 64 values .", "validates whether the character is possible the set of .", "validates whether the character is possible in the empty of the set of possible base 64 values .", "validates whether the character is possible context of the .", "validates whether the character is possible the set of values ."]
["if label filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if labels = \" abc1234 \" , label filter with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned ."]
["can be called from any move move .", "can be called from any move result .", "can be called from the move thread .", "can be called from any move move thread .", "can be called from any move thread move ."]
["| lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "| pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "| lhs pattern bind invocation ? )", "| consequence invocation ? )"]
["group : producer", "group : disable", "group : stream", "stream : producer", "group : %UNK%"]
["gets for resource set .", "gets policy for resource set .", "gets delete for resource set .", "gets policy .", "returns policy for resource set ."]
["sets the jodd . madvoc . action request # next action path ( string ) next action request for the chain .", "sets the jodd . madvoc . action request # get next action path ( string ) next action request for the chain .", "sets the jodd . madvoc . action request # set next action path ( string ) next action request for the chain .", "sets the jodd . madvoc . action request action path ( string ) next action request for the chain .", "sets the jodd . madvoc . action request next path ( string ) next action request for the chain ."]
["web applications ) , consider using a controller with component and / or caching .", "web applications ) , consider using a controller with component pooling .", "web applications ) , consider using a controller with component pooling and / or caching .", "web applications ) , consider using a controller pooling and / or caching .", "web applications ) , consider using a controller with component / or caching ."]
["gets the iterable of certificate contact contacts on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of certificate contact contacts on this page .", "gets the elements of certificate contact contacts on this page .", "gets the certificate contact contacts on this page .", "gets the stream of certificate contact contacts on this page ."]
["close the closeable .", "close the closeable as a null .", "the closeable as a null .", "close the closeable as a .", "close the closeable as null - safety ."]
["setter : is this table a isstream type ?", "setter : is this table a stream type ?", "is this table a stream type ?", "setter : is this isstream a stream type ?", "setter : is this table stream type ?"]
["fires focus # focus changed ( boolean ) event for involved components .", "fires focus tracker # focus changed ( boolean ) event for involved components .", "fires tracker # changed ( boolean ) event for involved components .", "fires focus tracker changed ( boolean ) event for involved components .", "focus tracker # focus changed ( boolean ) event for involved components ."]
["according the the spec the key is the \" first key size characters of chromosome name , padded with zeroes if needed .", "according the the spec the key is the \" first key characters of chromosome name , padded with zeroes if needed .", "according the the spec the is the \" first size characters of chromosome name , padded with zeroes if needed .", "according the the spec the key is the \" key size characters of chromosome name , padded with zeroes if needed .", "according the the spec the key is the \" first key size characters of chromosome name ."]
["appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value buf .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value value .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value # value .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # string buf .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # buf value ."]
["construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the obj struct .", "construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity .", "construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct ."]
["uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .", "uses the mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .", "uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern best matching pattern .", "uses the server mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .", "uses the path mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern ."]
["as per the jls , value is a sub - type of of the parameterized type value .", "as per the jls , value is a sub - type of of the raw type value .", "as per the jls , value is a sub - type of of the %UNK% type value .", "as per the jls , value is a parameterized - type of of the raw type value .", "as per the jls , value is a sub - type of of the type value ."]
["todo : change this into deselect track ( track info )", "todo : change this into track ( track info )", "change this into deselect track ( track info )", "todo : change this into track ( track info )", ": change this into deselect track ( track info )"]
["tests that an mqtt conn ack packet can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions .", "tests that an mqtt connack conn ack can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions .", "tests that an mqtt ack ack packet can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions .", "tests that an mqtt packet can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions .", "tests that an mqtt conn packet can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions ."]
["if an handlers listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .", "if an event handlers is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .", "if an handlers listener is assignable to handlers listener it will registered as is .", "if a handlers listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .", "if an event is assignable to event listener it will registered as is ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one or cosmos feed response of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one cosmos items .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos items ."]
["the struct complies # schema for the .", "the struct complies with the # schema for the sql connector .", "the struct complies with the # table for the my sql connector .", "the table complies with the # schema for the my sql connector .", "the struct complies # schema for the ."]
["returns true if field type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field jvm type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field type . is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["installs menu button mouseover listener .", "installs button mouseover listener .", "installs split menu mouseover listener .", "menu split button mouseover listener .", "installs menu button listener ."]
["call from main thread .", "call from thread .", "call from main check .", "call from main .", "call from check thread ."]
["comparable evt obj in the supplied list .", "comparable evt in the supplied list .", "comparable in the supplied list .", "comparable message obj in the supplied list .", "recent evt obj in the supplied list ."]
["return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # get async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # create async request uri , asynchronous execution .", "return the async client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for password and debugging ."]
["get an name of the keys of the jsonobject .", "get a name of the keys of the jsonobject .", "get the keys of the jsonobject .", "get an enumeration of the keys of the name .", "get an enumeration of the name of the jsonobject ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( default date utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( default reference utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( default - utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( default utc utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( factory - utc ) ."]
["once the prepare is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused .", "prepare the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused ."]
["test processing of nested objects , see bug 36384 .", "test processing of nested objects .", "test processing of objects , see bug 36384 .", "test processing .", "test processing of nested objects , see bug 36384 ."]
["finds the resource with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "returns the resource with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "finds the resource with the given name on the class module of this class loader .", "finds the module with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "finds the resource with the given name path of this class ."]
["filter evaluator should return optional # empty ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional # ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return empty # absent ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional # empty ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters"]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity and management ( iam ) ."]
["config load policy factory .", "config load balancer policy .", "config policy balancer factory .", "config balancer factory .", "config load balancer ."]
["the process method which take a utterance in parameter , compute the features of the utterance referenced in the parameter and return a new", "the process method which take a data object in parameter , compute the features of the utterance referenced in the parameter and return a new", "the process method which take a utterance object in parameter , compute the features of the utterance referenced in the parameter and return a new", "the process method which take a utterance , compute the features of the utterance referenced in the parameter and return a new", "the process method which take a parameter , compute features of the utterance referenced in the and return a new"]
["returns an observable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source .", "returns a that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source .", "returns a iterable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source .", "returns an observable that emits the results of a specified zip function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source .", "returns an observable that emits the results of a specified iterable function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source ."]
["wrap an o , if necessary .", "wrap an object , if necessary .", "wrap an object .", "o an object , if necessary .", "wrap a o , if necessary ."]
["returns an immutable set containing nine elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing nine elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing nine elements .", "returns an set containing nine elements .", "returns a set containing nine elements ."]
["reset the value given the timestamp and reals .", "reset the value given the timestamp , value reals .", "reset the value given the timestamp value and .", "reset the value given the timestamp .", "reset the timestamp , value and reals ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get configuration setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . get configuration . get setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get get configuration # string - string"]
["if use index is true , the join scans polygons and uses an index of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches .", "if use index is true , the join scans polygons uses an index of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches .", "if use index is true , the join scans polygons and uses a of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches .", "if use index is true , the join scans polygons and uses a u of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches .", "if use index is true , the join u polygons and uses an index of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches ."]
["after you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "note : important : after you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .", "for more information , see important : after you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group ."]
["reads the module class attribute", "reads the class attribute", "reads the main class module", "reads the attribute", "reads the main class module attribute"]
["create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection", "create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection .", "create a new detached jdoquery instance", "create a new jdoquery instance with the given projection", "create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given select"]
["the active within the image liveness timeout .", "the number active within the image liveness timeout .", "the transport count active within the image liveness timeout .", "the transports active within the image liveness timeout .", "the transport active within the image liveness timeout ."]
["it is upto to caller of this method to close the stream .", "caller of this method to close the stream .", "it is upto to caller of this method to close the input .", "caller of method to close the stream .", "it is upto to caller of this method to close the request ."]
["callback .", "callback ledger .", "%UNK% when created ledger .", "when created ledger .", "metadata when created ledger ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where sync = ?"]
["the negative of ends not with is # ending with .", "the negative of ending not with is # ending with .", "the negative of ends not with is with .", "the negative of ends not with is # ending with .", "the negative # ending not with is # ends with ."]
["returns an hours . time . instant object that is offset by a number of milliseconds from now .", "returns an java . time . instant object that is offset by a number of hours from now .", "returns an java . time . instant object that is hours by a number of milliseconds from now .", "returns an java . time . instant hours that is offset by a number of milliseconds from now .", "returns an java . hours . instant object that is offset by a number of milliseconds from now ."]
["returns true when data migration is complete and all v2 metrics tables have been deleted ; false otherwise", "returns true when data migration is complete and all metrics tables have been deleted ; false otherwise", "returns true when data migration is complete and v2 metrics tables have been deleted ; false otherwise", "returns true when data migration is complete and all is old metrics tables have been deleted ; false otherwise", "returns true when data migration is complete have been deleted ; false otherwise"]
["if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no operations executed yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction .", "if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no function executed yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction .", "if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no n executed yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction .", "if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no retries executed yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction .", "if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no operations n yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["checks that collection @ param col contains elem @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains t @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains string @ param elem .", "checks that collection param col contains string str ."]
["checks if an web socket request matches this ann and path .", "checks if an web socket request matches this annotation and ann .", "checks if an web socket request matches this annotation .", "checks if an web socket request matches this ann and ann .", "checks if an web socket request matches this path ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # parent parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain #", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # name parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain configurations ."]
["return session result # result _ success to proceed the command .", "return session result # result _ success to proceed the command .", "return result # result code _ success to proceed the command .", "return session result code _ success to proceed the command .", "return session result # result _ _ success to proceed the command ."]
["returns the ble descriptor wrapper for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access .", "returns the ble descriptor for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access .", "returns the native ble descriptor for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access .", "returns the ble descriptor wrapper wrapper for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access .", "returns the ble descriptor wrapper . for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access ."]
["handles the rest model operations , delegating actions to sub - class implementations .", "handles the rest operations , delegating actions to sub - class implementations .", "handles the rest model , delegating actions to sub - class implementations .", "handles the operations , delegating actions to sub class implementations .", "rest the patch operations , delegating actions to sub - class implementations ."]
["the name will normally start with the prefix \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "the name will normally start with the \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "prefix \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "the name will normally start with the \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "prefix trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" log \" suffix ."]
["implementation attempts to locate the redirect uri from request and check with service registry to find a matching oauth service .", "implementation attempts to locate the redirect uri from oauth and check with service registry to find a matching oauth service .", "implementation oauth to locate the redirect uri from request and check with service registry to find a matching oauth service .", "implementation attempts to locate the redirect uri from request with service registry to find a matching oauth service .", "oauth attempts to locate the redirect uri from request and check with service registry to find a matching oauth service ."]
["get methods from the interfaces .", "get methods from all methods .", "get methods .", "returns methods from all interfaces .", "get methods from all interfaces ."]
["returns a copy of this runtime , with the given authenticator .", "returns a copy of this runtime , with the given endpoint authenticator .", "returns a copy of this runtime , with the given endpoint .", "returns a copy of this runtime , with the endpoint authenticator .", "returns a copy of this runtime , with the authenticator ."]
["sets the token used to process api responses .", "sets the set used to process api responses .", "sets the scheduler used to process api .", "sets the scheduler used to process responses .", "sets the string used to process api responses ."]
["setter for # allow only requested header", "setter for # only requested header", "setter for # expose allow requested header", "setter for # allow only allow header", "setter for # allow only header"]
["invoke builder . provides ( collection service , set providers )", "invoke builder . provides ( provides service , set providers )", "invoke builder . provides ( string service , set collection )", "invoke builder . provides ( string service , collection providers )", "invoke builder . provides ( string service , set provides )"]
["test finish initialize txn others", "test initialize txn before others", "test finish before initialize txn", "test finish initialize others", "test initialize before others"]
["an ascii string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb : not always uniquely reversible", "string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb : not always uniquely reversible", "an ascii string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb", "an ascii string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb", "an ascii string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb : always uniquely reversible"]
["get the event execution events as a list .", "get the events as a list .", "get the events as a list .", "get the plain event events as a list .", "get the event events as a list ."]
["includes fields .", "includes fields from the given maps .", "includes fields from the annotation maps .", "includes fields from the given vcfheader maps .", "includes fields maps ."]
["you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using", "once you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using hadoop", "once you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using hadoop .", "once you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using amazon ec2", "once you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using hadoop parameter ."]
["returns the text displayed by the % .", "returns the text displayed by the type .", "returns the text displayed by the % type .", "returns the text displayed by the button .", "returns the text displayed by the % type % ."]
["tests the file system master # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount context ) method .", "tests the file system master # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , context options ) method .", "tests the file system master # context ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , context options ) method .", "tests the file system master # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri options ) method .", "tests the file system master # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount context ) method ."]
["unregisters all the mbeans registered through # register mbeans ( ) .", "unregisters all the mbeans registered through # mbeans ( ) .", "unregisters all the mbeans registered through # unregister mbeans ( ) .", "unregisters all the resource mbeans registered through # register mbeans ( ) .", "unregisters all the mbeans registered through # resource mbeans ( ) ."]
["configures the flow exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope .", "configures the exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope .", "configures the messaging exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope .", "flow the messaging exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope .", "configures flow exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope ."]
["enqueue given object .", "enqueue given add ( append after tail ) .", "enqueue given .", "enqueue given ( append after tail ) .", "enqueue object ( append after tail ) ."]
["the action will be converted to a", "the option will be converted to the", "the option will be converted to a", "the option will be converted to an", "the option will be converted to action"]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where repository time id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where m time id = ? .", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where modified id = ? ."]
["creates a new unformatted translatable text with the given nameable and arguments .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text with the given translation and arguments .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text with the given translation .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text with the given translatable and arguments ."]
["places elements into order by ascending # score .", "places elements into order by ascending # score .", "places elements into order by score .", "places elements into order by ascending # raw score .", "places elements into order by raw score ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for email and debugging ."]
["this method allows you to specify training listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners .", "this method allows you to specify training listeners for this model ."]
["returns the wakeup listener that will be notified .", "returns the wakeup selection listener that will be notified .", "returns the selection wakeup that will be notified .", "returns the listener wakeup that will be notified .", "returns the listener that will be notified ."]
["set the value .", "add the value .", "returns the value .", "set the .", "set the set ."]
["if not , then this method adds a throwable proxy converter instance to the end of the chain .", "if not , then this method adds a proxy converter instance to the end of the chain .", "if not , then this method adds a extended throwable proxy converter instance to the end of the chain .", "if not , then this method adds a proxy converter instance to the end of the chain .", "if not , then this method adds throwable proxy converter instance to the end of the chain ."]
["encodes the start time into a key .", "encodes the private time into a key .", "encodes the time into a key .", "encodes the tmp time into a key .", "the commit time into a key ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["test of length method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of npara method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test length npara method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of method , length class bernoulli distribution ."]
["calls # get block definitions json activity helper ( ) and # get block extensions ( ) .", "calls # get block activity helper json paths ( ) and # get block extensions ( ) .", "calls # get block definitions activity helper paths ( ) and # get block extensions ( ) .", "calls # get block definitions json paths ( ) and # get block activity helper ( ) .", "calls # get block definitions json activity ( ) and # get block extensions ( ) ."]
["each name id should be unique .", "each id should be unique .", "each expression id should be unique .", "an name id should be unique .", "name id should be unique ."]
["assert or conditions .", "assert conditions .", "assert or condition .", "assert .", "conditions or condition ."]
["label node if necessary .", "label node if label .", "label node if node .", "label node .", "node if necessary ."]
["creates a new create index request builder with the settings obtained from # index settings ( ) , augmented by the given builder", "creates a new create index request builder with the settings obtained from # index settings , augmented by the given builder", "creates a new create index request builder with the settings obtained from settings ( ) , augmented by the given builder", "creates a new create request builder with the settings obtained from # settings ( ) , augmented by the given builder", "creates a new create index request builder with the settings obtained from index settings ( ) , augmented by the given builder"]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules , with service and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of module , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration ."]
["returns whether the given path points to a sub sitemap folder .", "returns whether the given resource path points to a sub sitemap folder .", "returns whether the given cms resource points to a sub sitemap folder .", "returns whether the given cms points to a sub sitemap folder .", "returns a sub sitemap folder ."]
["repeatedly subscribe to the source @ literal num repeat times .", "repeatedly subscribe to the source @ literal repeat times .", "subscribe to the source @ literal num repeat times .", "repeatedly subscribe to the source num repeat times .", "repeatedly subscribe to the source literal num repeat times ."]
["finds all constraint annotations defined for the given member and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds all constraint annotations defined for the given member .", "returns all constraint annotations defined for the given member and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds the constraint annotations defined for the given member and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds all constraint kind defined for the given member and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors ."]
["returns an zoned date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an offset zoned - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an offset date - zoned formed from this date at the specified zoned ."]
["processes the timestamping of the signature .", "processes the timestamping .", "processes a timestamping of a signature .", "processes this of the signature .", "processes all of the signature ."]
["a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "can be used , typically during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "a convenient blocking call that can be used , during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by the table every 5 seconds .", "the convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by polling the table every 5 seconds ."]
["get the preference key which stores the number of comments the feature associated with the smart toast type has been used", "get the key which stores the number of times the feature associated with the smart toast type has been used", "get the comments key which stores the number of times the feature associated with the smart toast type has been used", "get the preference key which stores the number of wp the feature associated with the smart toast type has been used", "get the preference key which stores the number of times the comments associated with the smart toast type has been used"]
["put all the dynamo db annotations .", "put all the db annotations .", "put all the annotations db annotations .", "annotations all the dynamo db annotations .", "put all the annotation db annotations ."]
["adds the address of a gremlin server to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds the address of a gremlin server to the list of all a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds the all of a gremlin server to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds the address of a gremlin all to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds the address of a gremlin list all to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["try to find class source via get as stream ( ) .", "try to find class source via get resource as stream ( ) .", "try to find class source via resource as stream ( ) .", "to find class source via get resource as stream ( ) .", "try to find class source via stream ( ) ."]
["if more messages are sent or received , theses messages are dropped .", "if more outgoing messages are sent or received , theses messages are dropped .", "if sent or received , theses messages are dropped .", "if are sent or received , theses messages are dropped .", "if sent or received , messages are dropped ."]
["each returned attribute will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix .", "each returned canonicalize will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix .", "each returned string will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix .", "each canonicalize attribute will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix .", "each canonicalize will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix ."]
["returns the logger object used by the default implementation of the injector .", "returns the instance object used by the default implementation of the injector .", "returns the injector _ instance object used by the default implementation of the injector .", "returns the injector instance object used by the default implementation of the injector .", "returns the logger object used by the default implementation of the logger _ instance ."]
["or throws a calendar no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such notification template exception if it could not be found ."]
["get the estimate for a matrix .", "get the estimate for a preference .", "get the estimate for an rating matrix entry .", "get the estimate for an rating matrix .", "get the matrix for a preference ."]
["new attribute statement .", "given attribute statement .", "attribute statement .", "new attribute statement .", "new statement ."]
["set the constraint of the referenced table to use for this constraint .", "set the referenced table to use for this constraint .", "set the index to use for this constraint .", "set the to use for this constraint .", "set the constraint to use for this constraint ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural prefix for more details .", "structural abbreviated for more details ."]
["apply # coerce ( string , type , tree node , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , tree , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , tree node , cnode , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( tree node , type , cnode , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , cnode , tree node context ) method to a collection item ."]
["see # set padding ( float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( int float , int , int )", "see # set padding , float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )"]
["gets java type from soy type .", "gets java optional from soy type .", "gets java types from soy type .", "gets java type from soy type .", "gets java from soy type ."]
["this method get the on demand query and return the corresponding output and its types .", "this method get the on query and return the corresponding output and its types .", "this method get the on demand and return the corresponding output and its types .", "this method get the query and return the corresponding output and its types .", "this method get the demand query and return the corresponding output and its types ."]
["create error value with given bstring , reason and details .", "create error value with given reason and details .", "create error value reason and details .", "create error value with reason and details .", "create error value with given string , reason and details ."]
["gets the resource types .", "returns the types .", "returns the resource types .", "returns the resource types .", "returns the list types ."]
["second , the very last access will always be recorded .", ", the very last access will always be recorded .", "second , the last access will always be recorded .", "the very last access will always be recorded .", "%UNK% , the very last access will always be recorded ."]
["properties in those configs ( e . g .", "properties in those configs", "properties in those get ( e . g .", "properties in those configs ( get . g .", "properties in those test ( e . g ."]
["adds a packet metadata .", "adds a control metadata .", "adds a control packet .", "adds a metadata .", "adds a pi metadata ."]
["submits a repeated task for execution and returns a future representing that task .", "submits a runnable task for execution and returns a future representing that task .", "submits a runnable task for repeated and returns a future representing that task .", "submits a reference task for execution and returns a future representing that task .", "submits a atomic task for execution and returns a future representing that task ."]
["stores that the list of permissions has been asked", "stores that the list of permissions has been asked .", "stores that the asked of permissions has been asked", "stores that the list of asked has been asked", "stores that the list of permissions has been asked"]
["the ec key create options vault key # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key ec vault key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec vault key key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key ec create key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the create vault key key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified ."]
["sets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field .", "sets the value of the ' keep cells ' field .", "sets the value of the ' deleted cells ' field .", "sets the value of the ' keep deleted ' field .", "sets the value of the ' keep deleted object ' field ."]
["any data that overlaps existing data from the data holder will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - existing data from the data holder .", "any data that overlaps from the data existing data will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - existing data from the data holder .", "any data that overlaps from the data existing data container will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - existing data from the data holder .", "any data that overlaps data from the data holder will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - data from the data existing data container .", "any data that overlaps from the data existing existing copy will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - existing data from the data holder ."]
["loads the list of configure extensions that support the configure definitions in this activity .", "configure the list of block extensions that support the block definitions in this activity .", "loads the list of configure that support the block definitions in this activity .", "loads the list of configure extensions that support the block definitions in this activity .", "sets the block definitions in this activity ."]
["decode dashes ( encoded in camel messaging headers inject adapter", "decode dashes ( encoded in camel messaging headers inject adapter .", "decode dashes ( encoded in messaging headers inject adapter", "decode dashes ( encoded in camel adapter . headers inject adapter", "decode dashes ( encoded in an camel messaging headers inject adapter"]
["returns the account with the primary key or throws a no such account exception if it could not be found .", "returns the account with the primary key or throws a mail no such account exception if it could not be found .", "returns the account with the primary key or throws a no such account exception if it could not be found", "returns the account with the primary key or throws mail . no such account exception if it could not be found .", "returns the account with the primary key liferay . mail . no such account exception if it could not be found ."]
["checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with all ( max 500 ) categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with all categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection initializes the recycler view with all ( max 500 ) categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with the ( max 500 ) categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection view with all ( max 500 ) categories of the searched"]
["also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if a occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination ."]
["logs collection , elem and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection , throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection , and throws java . lang . assertion error if not .", "logs collection , t and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not ."]
["add the long to the value of this integer .", "add the argument to the value of this long .", "add the argument to the value .", "add the argument value of this integer .", "add to the value this integer ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["first , try to find the exact identical instance of the tile object , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title .", "try to find the exact identical instance of the tile object , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title .", ", try to find the exact identical instance of the tile object , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title .", "first , try to find the exact identical instance of the tile id , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title .", "first , try to find the exact identical instance of the tile get , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title ."]
["closes the current writer", "closes the current writer .", "closes the writer", "returns the current writer", "sets the current writer"]
["method is able to create form incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by underlying di provider .", "method is able to create incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by underlying di provider .", "method is able to create form incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by di provider .", "method is able to create bindings incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by underlying di provider .", "method is able to create form incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by underlying bindings provider ."]
["to return a list of vaults that begins at a specific vault , the request parameter to the vault arn you obtained from a previous list vaults request .", "return a list of vaults that begins at a specific vault , set the request parameter the vault arn you obtained from a previous list vaults request .", "that begins at a specific vault , set the request parameter to the vault arn you obtained from a previous list vaults request", "to return a list of vaults that begins at a specific vault , set request parameter to the vault arn you obtained from a previous vaults request .", "to return a list of vaults that begins at a specific vault , the request parameter to the vault arn you obtained from previous request"]
["optimizes a function , which may return an empty sequence if the first argument yields nothing .", "optimizes a function , which may return an empty sequence if the argument yields nothing .", "optimizes a function if the first argument yields nothing .", "optimizes a function , which may return a sequence if the first argument yields nothing .", "optimizes a function , which may return an empty sequence if the first first yields nothing ."]
["compares that two secrets are equal .", "compares that secrets are equal .", "compares that stops secrets are equal .", "compares that responds .", "compares that stops secrets are equal ."]
["1 . a conventional compass needle pointing north / south ( false , default ) 2 . a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )", "1 . a conventional compass needle pointing north / ( false , default ) 2 a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )", "1 . a conventional compass needle pointing north / use ( false , default ) 2 . a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )", "1 . a conventional compass needle pointing / south ( false , default ) 2 a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )", "1 . a conventional compass needle pointing north / south ( use , default ) 2 . a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )"]
["read the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .", "read the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection .", "read the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .", "read the blob metadata document , retrying as necessary .", "read the blob blob document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary ."]
["the address should be parseable by inet all address # get by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by inet address # get all by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by all address # get by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by inet address # all get by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by address # get by name ( string ) ."]
["the uuid who created the comment .", "the user created the comment .", "the user who created the comment .", "the user who uuid the comment .", "the user uuid created the comment ."]
["iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by properties and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "properties over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the properties properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the label constituents parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the label constituents parameter .", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the constituents parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter"]
["if key filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if keys = \" abc \" , key filter with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned ."]
["sets the dose units of this drug order", "sets the dose of this drug order", "sets the concept of this drug order", "sets the of this drug order", "sets the units of this drug order"]
["this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the load cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the loader cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the warn cannot be registered ."]
["handles a iterator commit .", "handles an iterator commit .", "handles a commit .", "handles an position commit .", "handles an iterate commit ."]
["get the feedback response identified by new attributes . get id ( ) .", "updates the feedback response identified by new attributes . get id ( ) .", "return new attributes . get id ( ) .", "get new attributes . get id ( ) .", "feedback response attributes . get id ( ) ."]
["the option is a :", "the option is the :", "the configurer is a :", "the cxf is a :", "the option is :"]
["set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given object .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given jupiter ."]
["reset all labels in the instruction list .", "reset all labels in the labels list .", "reset all current labels in the instruction list .", "reset all labels in the instruction labels .", "reset all labels in the instruction list of the element ."]
["attempt to get a user by aid or id ( if that fails )", "attempt to get a user by id or id ( if that fails )", "attempt to get a user by id ( if that fails )", "attempt to get a user ( if that fails )", "attempt to get a user by user or id ( if that fails )"]
["executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it server1 enough time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )", "executes a work instances on a single node and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took server1 time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )"]
["escapes character data in val", "escapes character data in val .", "escapes character data in", "escapes character data in writer", "escapes data in val"]
["tests for the base file system # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , poptions options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , poptions options ) method ."]
["for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the get transform action", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action ."]
["based on vmchk / checkinterntable . c r1 . 3", "based on vmchk . c r1 . 3", "based on vmchk checkinterntable . r1 . 3", "based on vmchk checkinterntable . c r1 .", "based on vmchk / checkinterntable r1 . 3"]
["sets the host from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "sets the host host from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "sets the string from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "sets the address from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "sets the from where the authentication attempt host ."]
["shuts down the channel .", "shuts down the managed channel .", "shuts down managed channel .", "shuts down a managed channel .", "shuts down the managed managed ."]
["sequences an context .", "sequences an sequence .", "sequences an session .", "sequences event .", "sequences an context context ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null ."]
["asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of source", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages .", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of %UNK%", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination"]
["returns the list of unique classpath element paths as urls , in classloader resolution order .", "returns the list of unique classpath element paths as urls .", "returns the list of unique classpath element paths .", "returns the list of unique classpath element paths as uri , in classloader resolution order .", "returns the list of unique classpath element paths as classpath , in classloader resolution order ."]
["this exist for backward compatibility and exist for internal usage only ( do not call this method explicitly ) .", "this exist for backward compatibility and exist for internal usage ( do not call this method explicitly ) .", "this exist for backward compatibility and exist for internal usage only .", "this exist for backward compatibility for internal usage only ( do not call this method explicitly ) .", "backward compatibility and exist for internal usage only ( do not call this method explicitly ) ."]
["if set to false , an exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user .", "an exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user .", ", an exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user .", "if set to allow , an exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user .", "exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user ."]
["this method allows you to specify training listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify listeners listeners for this model .", "this method allows you to specify iteration listeners ."]
["if no such module has been set , or if something wrong occurred , null will be returned .", "if no such module has been set null will be returned .", "if no such module has been set , null will be returned .", "if no such module has been set", "otherwise otherwise if no such module has been set , otherwise if if something wrong occurred , null will be returned ."]
["tries to refine the compile - time type of this variable through the type of the bound expression .", "tries to refine the compile type of this variable through the type of the bound expression .", "tries to refine the compile - time type of this variable through the type of the bound expression .", "tries to refine the compile - time type of this variable .", "tries to refine the refine - time type of this variable through the type of the bound expression ."]
["sort a list object : list >", "sort a list object : comparable >", "sort a comparable object : comparable >", "sort a comparable object : list >", "comparable a list object : list >"]
["better way to change consumers are use data carrier # consume", "better way to change consumers are use data carrier # consume .", "better way to change consumers are use data carrier #", "better way to change consumers are use carrier # consume", "better way to change consumers are use data consume . # consume"]
["defaults to default instruction ack source .", "defaults to instruction ack source .", "defaults to default ack source .", "defaults to ack source .", "defaults to source ."]
["it is just the logging that guava tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging infrastructure .", "it is the logging that guava tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging infrastructure .", "guava tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging infrastructure .", "that guava tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging .", "it is just the logging that class tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging infrastructure ."]
["upcalled from embedded mode to ( really ) commit suicide .", "upcalled from embedded mode to commit suicide .", "from embedded mode to ( really ) commit suicide .", "upcalled from rsuicide mode to ( really ) commit suicide .", "upcalled from suicide mode to ( really ) commit suicide ."]
["calculate the area of height and blocks", "calculate the height of all and blocks", "calculate the area of all and height", "calculate the area of the and blocks", "calculate the area of height and blocks"]
["sets the id of the request .", "sets the request of the request .", "sets the id id of the request .", "sets the request id of the request .", "id the uuid of the request ."]
["selects the option with the given text .", "selects the option ( s ) with the given text .", "selects the option ( s ) with the given text .", "selects the text ( s ) with the given text .", "select the option ( s ) with the given text ."]
["provide a write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide an write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write write to write data to a cassandra database ."]
["or throws a no such template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such template exception if it could not be found", "or throws a no such template exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found ."]
["the request context . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the context scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) ."]
["when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .", "when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception .", "when an interceptor throws an exception exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .", "when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception", "when an interceptor throws a exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging ."]
["return the inter process communication channel that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service .", "return the inter process communication that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service .", "return the inter process channel that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service .", "return the inter process communication communication channel that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service .", "return the inter channel that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service ."]
["returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an filtered http response decorator .", "returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an http filtered http response decorator .", "returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an exception filtered http decorator .", "returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an exception http response decorator .", "returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an exception http http response decorator ."]
["set the peer address only if the previous peer address that had the same peer id .", "set the id address only if the previous peer address that had the same peer id .", "set the id address only if the previous peer address that had the same peer id .", "set address only if previous peer address that had the same peer id .", "set the peer address if the previous peer address that had the same peer id ."]
["when using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the non - cu dnn implementatation be allowed ?", "when using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the dnn implementatation be allowed ?", "when using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the cu dnn implementatation be allowed ?", "using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the non - cu dnn implementatation be allowed ?", "when using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the non dnn implementatation be allowed ?"]
["assign a voice to this chord .", "assign a voice to this chord , and to the related ones .", "assign a voice to this chord .", "assign a this chord , and to the related ones .", "assign a voice to this voice , and to the related ones ."]
["add insert optimized result unit into units .", "add insert optimize optimized unit into units .", "add insert optimized insert result unit into units .", "add insert value unit into units .", "add insert value result unit into units ."]
["creates a default dbscan", "creates a dbscan", "creates a default handler", "creates a default clusterer", "returns a default dbscan"]
["bytes ref : int [ ] floats encoded as integers values , 2 bytes for each dimension", "bytes ref : int [ ] floats encoded as integers values", "bytes ref : int floats encoded as integers values , 2 bytes for each dimension", "bytes ref : int [ ] floats encoded as integers values for each dimension", "bytes ref : int floats encoded as integers values , 2 bytes"]
["the supplier itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the supplier is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the supplier itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "a supplier itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the factory itself is bound in a per - lookup scope ."]
["creates a jar file from the resources .", "creates a jar file from the resources and given dex file array .", "creates a jar file from the resources .", "creates a jar file from the resources", "creates a jar file from the resources and given file array ."]
["we defer initialization of this member until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over .", "this member until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over .", "we defer initialization of the member until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over .", "until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over .", "member until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over ."]
["returns a clong buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a pointer buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a clong buffer view of the clong . l field .", "returns a clong buffer view of the data . clong field ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["returns the \" me \" fragment from the sites tab", "returns the \" me \" fragment from the sites nav", "returns the \" me \" fragment from the page tab", "returns the \" me \" fragment from the nav tab", "returns the \" me \" fragment from the tab"]
["get the value of junit fail on cvss .", "get the value of junit fail on .", "get the value of junit fail .", "get the value of junit .", "get the value of junit fail on cvss cvss ."]
["helper to get a list of user eids in a group", "helper to get a list of display eids in a group", "helper to get a list of user eids", "helper to gets a list of user eids in a group", "helper to get a list of user eids in a group"]
["the node type ( s ) that are implicitly allocated to this", "the type type ( s ) that are implicitly allocated to this", "the type ( s ) that are implicitly allocated to this", "the node node ( s ) that are implicitly allocated to this", "the node type that are implicitly allocated to this"]
["the default value of this attribute is 40 .", "the auto value of this attribute is 40 .", "the value of this attribute is 40 .", "the default value of this attribute is auto .", "the double value of this attribute is 40 ."]
["the return value indicates whether a frame could be skipped .", "the return value indicates whether frame could be skipped .", "the returns value indicates whether a frame could be skipped .", "the return value indicates .", "the return value indicates"]
["gets the height of the bitstream that this instance represents .", "gets the height that this instance represents .", "gets the resolution of the height that this instance represents .", "gets the bitstream that this instance represents .", "gets the height ."]
["stub of plugin # after declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # did after property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after after declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override"]
["removes the given key from the local entity map , and then broadcasts the removal to all nodes in the cluster .", "removes the given key from the entity map , and then broadcasts the removal to all nodes in the cluster .", "removes the key from the local entity map , and then broadcasts the removal to all nodes in the cluster .", "returns the given key from the local entity map , and then broadcasts the removal to all nodes in the cluster .", "removes the given key from the local entity map to all nodes in the cluster ."]
["the is validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning .", "the user is validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning .", "validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning .", "the entity is validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning .", "the entity is validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning ."]
["creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates a metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates an metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity", "creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values of this metadata", "creates a metadata entity which consists of the given new metadata and values following the key and values of this metadata entity"]
["this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml2 login ( service provider resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # provider ( service provider saml2 login )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml saml2 login ( service provider resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # service saml2 login ( service provider resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml2 login provider ( service provider resolver )"]
["returns the response body as a string .", "return the response body as a string .", "return the response body .", "gets the response body as a string .", "return the response body as an string ."]
["# get extensions ( )", "# extensions extension ( )", "# get extension ( )", "# get extension ( )", "# get ( )"]
["stub of plugin # before declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # will before getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override"]
["returns the length of this path .", "returns the type of this path .", "returns the length of this path .", "returns the length of this type .", "returns the length of the path ."]
["position attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a position in a key - value map .", "attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a in a key - value map .", "position attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with in key - value map .", ", provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a position in a key - value map .", "position attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information position in a key - value map ."]
["returns a new coord4 d from a packet buffer .", "returns a new coord4 d from a buf .", "returns a new coord4 d from an packet buffer .", "returns a new coord4 d from a packet .", "returns a new coord4 d from packet buffer ."]
["sets the list of package groups .", "sets the list of package groups and the order they should occur in the file .", "sets the list of package groups in the file .", "sets the list in the file .", "returns the list of package groups and the order they should occur in the file ."]
["can be used to get the mime type", "can be used to get the mime", "can be used to get the mime mime", "can be used to returns the mimetype", "can be used to get the mimetype"]
["gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined", "gets an message string based on the locale determined by the", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the localized"]
["wrap this class path loader with a class loader facade .", "wrap this path loader with a loader facade .", "wrap this class path loader .", "wrap this class path loader with class loader facade .", "wrap class path loader with a class loader facade ."]
["returns the capture mode .", "returns the capture capture mode .", "returns the capture mode .", "returns the . capture mode .", "returns the capture . capture mode ."]
["however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", ", the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with observers the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from %UNK% class files left from a previous build of a jar ."]
["quotes can be used to include spaces .", "quotes can be used to string spaces .", "quotes can be used to ten spaces .", "quotes can be used to %UNK% spaces .", "quotes can be used to the include spaces ."]
["to build the logical staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :", "to build the staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :", "to build the staff staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :", "to build the %UNK% staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :", "to build the system staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for user and debugging ."]
["if an element has many classes then this will match against each of them .", "if a has many classes then this will match against each of them .", "if a class has many classes then this will match against each of them .", "if an element has many classes then this will match against each of class .", "if an class has many classes then this will match against each of them ."]
["saves the last gallery .", "saves the key .", "saves the gallery .", "saves the last key .", "saves the last key ."]
["invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ invalidation millis .", "invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ valid millis .", "invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ ms millis .", "invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ invalidation time ms .", "invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ min millis ."]
["retrieves the genre genres for this track .", "retrieves the genre genres for this track .", "retrieves the genres name for this track .", "retrieves the genre object for this track .", "retrieves the genres for this track ."]
["get the application - configured hk2 instance manager .", "get the application - configured hk2 instance .", "get the - configured hk2 service instance manager .", "get the application - configured hk2 instance locator .", "get the application - configured instance manager locator ."]
["returns the component database instance .", "returns the singleton component instance .", "returns the ode component database instance .", "returns the singleton simple database instance .", "returns the simple database instance ."]
["adds an address representing a group of gremlin servers , which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds a representing a group of gremlin servers , which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds a group of gremlin servers , which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds representing a group gremlin servers , which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .", "adds which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to ."]
["the meta - property for the traded price property .", "the meta - property for the traded property .", "the traded - property for the price property .", "the meta - property for the price traded property .", "the meta - property for traded the price property ."]
["in case the parent injection manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the parent manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the injection instance manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the parent injection manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in injection the parent instance manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented ."]
["returns session token so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . token controller2 instance .", "returns session token so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . token controller2 instance .", "returns session token so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . controller2 instance ."]
["note that the returned bits must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits sequential must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance .", "note that the as bits instance must be consumed in order ."]
["use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to discover on the bigdata build information .", "reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to and report on the bigdata build information ."]
["you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the amazon", "you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the amazon ec2", "you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the amazon ec2 .", "you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the amazon token .", "you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the amazon evaluation ."]
["this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . probability", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . created", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due probability", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . set"]
["one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # label declared before calling this method .", "way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .", "one way to ensure this is to always call # label label declared before calling this method ."]
["attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using map to type on the monoid interface )", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using map on the monoid interface )", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using fold to type on the monoid interface )", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using fold map to type on the monoid interface )", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using fold map type on )"]
["test for bug described .", "test for bug described in url .", "test for bug described .", "test for bug url .", "test for bug described in the url ."]
["write the list produced by calling extract resources to folder to the given file with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format", "write the list produced by calling folder to the given file with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format", "write the list produced by calling resources to folder to the given file with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format", "write the list produced by calling with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format", "write the list produced by calling to folder to the given file with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format"]
["resolves all keys within the given all .", "resolves all keys .", "resolves all keys within the given operation .", "resolves all all within the given chain .", "resolves all keys within the given all value ."]
["unless overridden by the # set service cipher method , the default instance is a blowfish cipher .", "unless overridden by the # set cipher service method , the default instance is a blowfish cipher .", "unless overridden by the # set cipher method , the default instance is a set service cipher .", "unless overridden by the # blowfish cipher service method , the default instance is a blowfish cipher .", "unless overridden by the # set set service method , the default instance is a blowfish set service ."]
["get quantity invoiced .", "get invoiced .", "get menge invoiced .", "get big decimal invoiced .", "get menge ."]
["method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last run message output from an upstream operator ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get the transport action for an action , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available .", "get the transport action for an action type , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available .", "get the transport type action for an action , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available .", "get the transport action for an type action , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available .", "get the transport action type for an action , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available ."]
["however , since we inject the constant annotation interface the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the interface annotation marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the constant interface marker the interface proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the interface marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the annotation interface the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces ."]
["configure a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type runtime against .", "configure a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type .", "a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "interaction a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message ."]
["see instance info # get host name ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the host name", "see instance info # get host name ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the default address", "see instance info # get default ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the default host name", "see instance info # get host host ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the default address", "see instance info # get address ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the address"]
["test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main", "test that a jar file with a main that is not a valid"]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of chrono local time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of arbitrary chrono time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary chrono date - time object to an instance of local time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local chrono time .", "this factory converts the of chrono date - time object to an instance of local time ."]
["it can be configured by adjusting the aeron . client . liveness . timeout ns property on the media driver .", "it can be configured by adjusting the aeron . client . timeout ns . timeout property on the media driver .", "it can be configured by adjusting the . client . liveness . timeout property on the media driver .", "it can be configured by adjusting the aeron . client . liveness . timeout timeout ns on the media driver .", "it can be configured by adjusting the aeron . client . liveness . ns property on the media driver ."]
["a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by the table every 5 seconds .", "convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "a convenient blocking call that can be used , during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by polling the table every 5 seconds .", "can be used , typically during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by polling the table every 5 seconds ."]
["the reconnection delay property takes a positive integer representing the number of milliseconds to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server .", "the delay property takes a positive integer representing the number of milliseconds to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server .", "the reconnection delay property takes a positive integer representing the number of duration to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server .", "the reconnection delay property takes a positive duration representing the number of milliseconds to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server .", "the reconnection delay property takes a duration integer representing the number of milliseconds to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server ."]
["returns the text for the specified pre value .", "returns the for the specified pre value .", "returns a text for the specified pre value .", "returns the content for the specified pre value .", "text the content for the specified pre value ."]
["the key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["simple db to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput .", "to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput .", "db to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput .", "db to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput", "simple db to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput"]
["the subresource of the specified vault .", "this operation retrieves the subresource of the specified vault .", "subresource of the .", "subresource of the specified vault .", "this operation retrieves the subresource of the specified key vault ."]
["returns json value .", "returns json value with the specified string .", "returns json value with the specified value .", "gets json value with the specified content .", "returns json value with the specified target ."]
["converts a bucket options to a document for use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket options to a document by the java driver .", "converts a bucket options to a document for use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket options to an document for use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket options to a document for use by the java driver ."]
["appends the name of the given label to # label buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label label .", "appends the name of the given label to buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label # label ."]
["if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new name is generated and placed within the map .", "if available , the value is returned , name a new uid is generated and placed within the map .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new name is generated and placed within the map .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new name is generated and placed within the map .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a name is generated and placed within the map ."]
["this year - month will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this year - month will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) format method .", "this year - month will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) # format method .", "this year - month will be passed to the formatter date time formatter ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this year - month will be passed to the formatter format time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method ."]
["returns a value with the given element type containing the items in this list .", "returns a value with the given item type containing the items in this list .", "returns a item with the given element type containing the items in this list .", "returns an item with the given element type containing the items in this list .", "returns a value with the given item containing the items in this list ."]
["returns the global metric registry to which components are registered .", "returns the global registry to which components are registered .", "returns the global metric registry .", "returns the global meter registry to which components are registered .", "returns the global set registry to which components are registered ."]
["sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the border style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the range style of the individual cells on the bottom"]
["send request to the server with negotiation blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send request to the server with early blockwise negotiation through block2 option .", "send request to the server through block2 option .", "send negotiation to the server with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send request to the server with blockwise negociation through block2 option ."]
["removes a job .", "returns a job .", "deletes a job .", "removes the job .", "executes a job ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["converts an as array to an integer list .", "as an int array to an integer list .", "converts a as array to an integer list .", "converts a array to an integer list .", "creates an integer list ."]
["create a simple connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value .", "create a connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value .", "create a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value .", "simple a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value .", "create an simple connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value ."]
["proleptic _ month -", "epoch _ proleptic -", "_ month -", "epoch proleptic month -", "epoch _ month -"]
["this defines the repo group that the discount factors are for .", "this defines the repo group that the repo factors are for .", "this defines the repo group that the discount repo are for .", "this defines the repo group that the discount factors are for .", "this defines the group that the discount factors are for ."]
["the flux will contain one or several user response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one or several properties response of the obtained users ."]
["sets the value of the ' in memory ' field .", "sets the value of the ' ' field .", "sets the value of the ' .", "sets the value of the ' .", "sets the value of the ' in ' field ."]
["get the instance of smack interoperation layer implementation class", "get the instance of interop interoperation layer implementation class", "get a instance of smack interoperation layer implementation class", "get the instance of smack interoperation layer implementation class .", "get the instance of interoperation layer implementation class"]
["set the client used for plain # create async request ( uri , method ) asynchronous execution .", "set client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set the http client used for plain # create request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set the http used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set client used for plain # create async request ( uri http method ) asynchronous execution ."]
["handle coin iq .", "coin iq .", "handle iq .", "handle coin .", "handle coin iq ."]
["this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return failed or success !", "this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return failed !", "this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return or success !", "this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return success !", "this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return !"]
["returns an immutable set containing six elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing six elements .", "returns an set containing six elements .", "returns a set containing six elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing six elements ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["you can make this request at any time during an in - progress multipart upload before you complete the upload ( see complete multipart upload .", "you can make this request at any time during an in - progress multipart upload before you the upload ( see complete multipart upload", "you can make this request at any time during an in - progress multipart upload before you the upload ( see complete multipart upload", "during an in - progress multipart upload before you complete the upload ( see complete multipart upload", "at any time during an in - progress multipart upload before you complete the upload ( see complete multipart upload"]
["set the color in the device rgb color space .", "set the float - stroking color in the device rgb color space .", "set the non color in the device rgb color space .", "set the non - stroking color in the float rgb color space .", "set the float color in the device rgb color space ."]
["returns the type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the returns type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the current type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor ."]
["creates new day of month .", "creates new day of month in field .", "creates new day of month in @ literal utc .", "creates new day of month in utc in utc .", "creates new day of month in utc in the utc timezone ."]
["maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark - rest", "maven coordinates : - rest . apache . camel : camel - spark", "maven coordinates : - rest <INSERT_END> . apache . camel : camel - spark", "coordinates : org apache . camel : camel - spark"]
["removing fields from a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo should require a state migration .", "test fields from a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .", "removing fields from a pojo as field state should require a state migration ."]
["send request to the server with negotiation blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send request to the server with early blockwise negotiation through block2 option .", "send request to the negotiation with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send request to the server through block2 option .", "send request to the server with blockwise negociation through block2 option ."]
["returns an immutable map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns an immutable map that is backed by the given .", "returns an map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns a map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns an immutable map that is backed by the given map ."]
["you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db instance in another .", "note : you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db instance in another .", "note : you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db instance in another . describe .", "you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db instance in another", "you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db in another ."]
["router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", "this method maps a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", "this method maps a server error code to a router error code .", "a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .", "a router error code , then makes corresponding state update ."]
["loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "properties over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "loop over the secret properties secret and properties secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "loop over the properties properties properties and call properties client # get properties ( properties properties base properties ) .", "loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( properties of secret properties base secret ) ."]
["tries to receive up to max _ num _ to _ receive messages in one go", "tries to receive up to num _ msgs _ to _ receive messages in one go", "tries to receive up to max _ msgs _ to _ receive messages in one go", "tries to receive up to max _ msgs _ to _ receive messages in one go", "tries to receive up to max _ num to _ receive messages in one go"]
["adds a new tag for the specified metadata id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata ."]
["after that , this method does not set the lease as active , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided .", "after that , this method does not available the lease as active , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided .", "after that , this method does not set the available as active , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided .", "after that , this method does not set the lease as available , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided .", "after that , this method does not set the as active , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided ."]
["returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on application", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on the", "returns the built - in service account ' s application credential for the application if running on", "returns the built - in application account ' s credential for the application if running on"]
["fetch the given user ' s list of loved artists", "fetch the given loved ' s list of starred artists", "fetch the given user ' s list of starred loved", "fetch the given user ' s list of loved", "fetch the given user ' s list of %UNK% artists"]
["action triggered when the execution of this node has finished .", "triggered when the execution of this node has finished .", "test action triggered when the execution of this node has finished .", "experimental triggered when the execution of this node has finished .", "action triggered when the execution of this experimental has finished ."]
["receives a pending event and add it as a recorded event in the event store if it is an event type that should be recorded .", "receives a pending event and add it as a recorded event in the event storage if it is an event type that should be recorded .", "receives a pending store and add it as a recorded store in the store storage if it is an store type that should be recorded .", "receives a pending event and add it as a recorded event in the event if it is an event type that should be recorded .", "receives a pending event and add it as a recorded event in the recorded event store if it is an event type that should be recorded ."]
["ft basic can consume twice the input stream with rs text .", "ft basic can consume twice the input stream .", "ft basic can consume rs text the input stream .", "ft basic can consume rs the input stream .", "ft basic can consume the input stream ."]
["kept for compatibility .", "kept for compatibility with script .", "kept for compatibility with field script .", "kept compatibility with .", "kept for compatibility"]
["for each sequences in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other .", "for each sequence in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other .", "for an sequences in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other .", "for an sequence in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other .", "for sequence in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other ."]
["removes instance .", "removes port .", "removes inst .", "removes network port .", "removes network ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set configuration setting with response # configuration setting - boolean", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set setting configuration with response # configuration setting - boolean", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . set configuration . set setting with response # configuration setting - boolean", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . configurationasyncclient configuration setting with response # configuration setting - boolean", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set setting configuration setting with response # configuration setting - boolean"]
["method is used for appending the given fields instance to this instance , into a new fields instance .", "method is used for appending the given fields instance to this instance .", "method is used for appending the given fields instance to this instance , into a new fields instance .", "method is used for appending the given fields instance to this instance", "method is used for appending this fields instance to this instance , into a new fields instance ."]
["creates a module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an .", "creates a module reference to a module .", "creates the module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an exploded module ."]
["find ras node for specified node id .", "find ras for specified node id .", "find ras for specified node id .", "find ras node for specified node id .", "find ras _ node for specified node id ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an statement from the pool ."]
["find the names of any classes referenced in the type descriptors of annotation parameters .", "get the names of any classes referenced in the type descriptors of annotation parameters .", "get the find of any classes referenced in the type descriptors of annotation parameters .", "find the names of any classes find in the type descriptors of annotation parameters .", "find the names of the classes referenced in the type descriptors of annotation parameters ."]
["it is strongly recommended that you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate job request so that amazon", ", it is strongly recommended that you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate job request so that amazon", ", it is strongly recommended that you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate request so that amazon", ", it is strongly recommended that you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate job so that amazon", "you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate job request so that amazon"]
["setter for # exposed headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # exposed exposed headers", "setter for # exposed", "setter for # expose headers"]
["set weight menge in preiseinheit .", "set menge in preiseinheit .", "set invoiced in preiseinheit .", "set invoiced menge in preiseinheit .", "set in preiseinheit ."]
["if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise", "if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .", "if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal", "if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining otherwise illegal is thrown ."]
["if no class with the given name exists , null is returned", "if no class with the given name exists", "if no class with the given name exists , unsafe is returned", "if no class with the given name unsafe , null is returned", "if no class with the given name exists , class is returned"]
["note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .", "new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .", "note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the", "note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the virtual machine .", "note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the java"]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add add configuration # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add . configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . add configuration . add setting # string - string - string"]
["setter for # allowed origins", "setter for # origins", "setter for # allow allowed", "setter for # allow origins", "setter for # allow origins"]
["test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with an file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test %UNK% module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory ."]
["iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( properties of key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get properties of of key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get properties of key ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["returns the ( population ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( ) kurtosis population std dev of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( ) kurtosis population std of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) population excess of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( ) kurtosis population std of all the values within a dataset"]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "%UNK% method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input ."]
["submits a bubble notification for drawing .", "submits a notification for drawing .", "submits a notification for drawing bubble .", "submits a bubble for drawing .", "submits a notification for bubble ."]
["creates single folders .", "creates folders .", "returns single folders .", "creates single mkdir .", "creates file ."]
["makes the recent ( sort by create time ) articles with the specified fetch size .", "makes the recent articles with the specified fetch size .", "makes the recent default ( sort by create time ) articles with the specified fetch size .", "makes the articles with the specified fetch size .", "makes the default recent ( sort by create time ) articles with the specified fetch size ."]
["check if constraints parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if constraints has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if extended parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if constraint constraints has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints ."]
["returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given shader variable .", "returns an instance of a given shader variable for the given data type .", "returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given shader .", "returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given data type .", "returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given shader type ."]
["handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / display name"]
["the ec key ec vault key options parameter is required .", "the ec key ec create key options parameter is required .", "the ec key vault key create options parameter is required .", "the ec key create options vault key parameter is required .", "the ec options vault key create options parameter is required ."]
["skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring esc initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given esc is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , if ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' ."]
["returns .", "returns empty .", "returns schema .", "returns null .", "returns \" ."]
["the list of sequences may not be empty .", "the list of sequence may not be empty .", "the list of sequences may not be empty .", "the list of sequences may not be empty .", "the list of sequence may not be empty ."]
["get the glow biome for a specified id .", "get the biome for a specified id .", "get the biome glow for a specified id .", "get the specified glow for a specified id .", "get a biome for a specified id ."]
["return a string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version", "returns a string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a buffer suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0"]
["use the plain # add delivery ( job delivery , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add delivery ( delivery job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add job delivery ( delivery , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # delivery job delivery ( delivery , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add delivery job ( delivery , time window ) instead ."]
["run an mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums", "run an mrtask job to add up sums in sums", "run a mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums", "run an mrtask job to add up sums in", "run an mrtask job to add up sums in %UNK%"]
["return the number of tasks that are pending for processing .", "returns the number of tasks that are pending for processing .", "return the number that are pending for processing .", "return the number of the tasks that are pending for processing .", "return the number of tasks that are pending for processing ."]
["returns the clusters that have been created during processing or if none were created .", "returns the clusters that have been created during processing .", "returns the clusters that have during processing or if none were created .", "returns the clusters that have been created during list or if none were created .", "gets the clusters that have been created during processing or if none were created ."]
["set externer kunde . .", "set nr . .", "set kunde nr . .", "set externer nr . .", "set externer kunde delivery . ."]
["corners .", ".", "heap .", "skyline .", "key ."]
["sets the cluster id .", "sets the id name .", "sets the cluster cluster .", "sets the cluster name .", "sets the id ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["set preisliste .", "set zusammenfassungseintrag .", "set zahlungsbedingung .", "set bezugsnebenkosten .", "set einkaufspreisliste ."]
["returns the ( population ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( biased ) population of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( biased ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a population", "returns the ( variance ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset"]
["make sure all resolved targets are instances of native linkable group .", "make sure all resolved targets are instances of native native group .", "make sure all resolved targets are instances of native group linkable .", "make sure all resolved targets are instances of linkable group linkable .", "make sure all resolved targets are instances of native group ."]
["the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .", "the format of the region id depends on the group .", "the region id depends on the group .", "the zone format of the region id depends on the group .", "the detailed format region id depends on the group ."]
["test the ngram filter factory", "test the", "test the filter factory", "test the factory", "test the ngram filter factory ."]
["sends a request to write a list of addresses .", "sends a request to write a list of entries .", "sends a request to all a list of addresses .", "sends a request to write a list of all .", "sends a entries to write a list of addresses ."]
["set consumers to this carrier .", "set to this carrier .", "set consumers to this .", "consumers to this carrier .", "set data to this carrier ."]
["creates index in elastic search given mapping .", "creates index in search given mapping .", "creates index .", "creates index in elastic search given mappings .", "returns index in elastic search given mapping ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified capital name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["returns the query string .", "returns the string string .", "returns the rechnung string .", "returns the list string .", "returns the string ."]
["returns the program opcodes as a string , for example \" [ 1234 ] dup hash160 \"", "returns the program opcodes as a string , for example \" dup hash160 \"", "returns the program opcodes as a string , for example \" hash160 \"", "returns the program opcodes as a string , for example \" chunks dup hash160 \"", "returns the program opcodes as a string , for example \" string dup hash160 \""]
["when its code becomes known .", "when its position becomes .", "when its position becomes code .", "when its byte becomes known .", "when the position becomes known ."]
["set file handler .", "set application file handler .", "set file handler registration .", "set file registration .", "set application file ."]
["the default value of this option is 30000 which corresponds to 30 seconds .", "this option is 30000 which corresponds to 30 seconds .", "the default value is 30000 which corresponds to 30 seconds .", "the default value of this duration is 30000 which corresponds to 30 seconds .", "the default value of this option is 30000 to 30 seconds ."]
["executes the console script .", "executes the webserver script .", "executes the script .", "executes the script script .", "executes the execute script ."]
["the supported fields are year , day of year and month of day .", "the supported fields are year , month of year and millis of month .", "the supported fields are month , day of month and millis of day .", "the month fields are year , day of year and millis of day .", "the supported fields are year , day , month and millis of day ."]
["enables or disables this action based on the currently active folder ' s has a parent , this action will be enabled , if not it will be disabled .", "enables or disables this action based on the active folder ' s has a parent , this action will be enabled , if not it will be disabled .", "enables or disables this action based on the currently active active ' s has a parent , this action will be enabled , if not it will be disabled .", "enables or disables this action based on the active folder ' s has a parent , will be enabled , if not it will be disabled .", "enables or disables this action based on the currently active main ' s has a parent , this action will be enabled , if not it will be disabled ."]
["the rsa key rsa vault key options is required .", "the rsa key rsa create key options is required .", "the rsa key create create key options is required .", "the rsa key create options vault key is required .", "the rsa key vault key create options is required ."]
["initialized adjacency list for graph with number nodes .", "initialized adjacency list for graph with number of nodes nodes .", "initialized adjacency list for graph with n nodes .", "initialized adjacency list for graph with number of nodes .", "initialized adjacency list for graph with nodes of nodes nodes ."]
["calls # set query , query class ) with the default", "calls # set query ( query class ) with the default", "calls # set query ( query listen options , class ) with the default", "calls # set query ( query , query metadata options , class ) with the default", "calls # set metadata ( metadata , metadata listen options , class ) with the default"]
["checks whether this option has fallback keys .", "checks whether this option has keys .", "checks whether this option has fallback keys .", "checks whether this option has fallback .", "checks whether this option fallback keys ."]
["register a cleanup .", "register a cleanup for the current fd .", "register the current raw fd .", "register a cleanup for the raw fd .", "register a cleanup for the current raw ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["obtains an immutable pair of two objects inferring the generic types .", "obtains an immutable pair of objects inferring the generic types .", "obtains an immutable pair the generic types .", "obtains a pair of two objects inferring the generic types .", "obtains an immutable pair of returns objects inferring the generic types ."]
["checks the dirty status of the ' headers ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' 18 ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' 18 url ' field .", "checks the status of the ' repr headers ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' dirty ' field ."]
["serializes the context node into the output stream , but all exceptions .", "serializes the context node into the output , but suppresses all exceptions .", "context node into the output stream , but suppresses all exceptions .", "the context node into the output stream , but suppresses all exceptions .", "serializes the context node into the output stream , but suppresses exceptions ."]
["test method for org . infinispan . provider remote cache manager # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # start .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) ."]
["delete user keypair # # # functional description : delete the user ' s keypair .", "# # functional description : delete the user ' s keypair .", "# functional description : delete the user ' s keypair .", "functional description : delete the user ' s keypair .", "keypair # # functional description : delete the user ' s keypair ."]
["record an event for a dynamically registered container or test .", "record an execution event for a dynamically registered container or test .", "record event for a dynamically registered container or test .", "record execution event for a dynamically registered container or test .", "record event for a dynamically registered container or test ."]
["obtain a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .", "returns a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .", "obtain a remote repository for a data managed by the remote service .", "obtain a remote repository for a data set managed .", "obtain a remote repository set managed by the remote ."]
["returns a which contains an instance of rx ble device .", "returns a single which contains an instance of rx ble device .", "returns a contains an instance of rx ble device .", "returns a an instance of rx ble device .", "returns rx ble device ."]
["invoked by selection operations to process the cancelled - key set", "invoked by selection operations to process the cancelled set", "invoked by selection operations to process the cancelled", "invoked to process the cancelled - key set", "invoked the cancelled - key set"]
["returns the gadget with the primary key or throws a no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "returns the gadget with the primary key liferay . opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "returns the gadget with the primary key or throws a opensocial no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "returns the gadget with the primary key or throws opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "returns the gadget with the primary key or throws a opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns service # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # ntriples .", "returns service provider # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # ntriples .", "returns rdfformat # service ."]
["returns all the sync d l objects where modified time id = ? .", "returns all the sync d l objects where modified time , id = ? .", "returns all the sync d l objects where modified time r id = ? .", "returns all the sync d l objects where m time id = ? .", "returns all the sync d l objects where modified time , repository id = ? ."]
["override to control whether camel context should be setup per test or per class .", "override to control whether camel context should be setup per test .", "override to control whether camel context should be setup per test", "override to control whether camel context should be setup per test class .", "override to control whether context should be setup per test or per class ."]
["sends a request immediately without getting .", "sends a request .", "sends a request a response .", "sends a request immediately without getting", "fire immediately without getting a response ."]
["returns the service .", "returns the http .", "returns a service .", "returns the service .", "gets the service ."]
["if key filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if key = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if keys = \" \" , key filter with any key are returned .", "if filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned ."]
["compare the contents of files to determine if they are equal or not .", "compare the contents of two files to determine if they are equal .", "compare the one of two files to determine if they are equal or not .", "compare the contents of two one to determine if they are equal or not .", "compare the contents of one files to determine if they are equal or not ."]
["returns the next entry but does not update the internal query iterator .", "returns the playlist entry but does not update the internal query iterator .", "returns the next playlist but does not update the internal query iterator .", "returns the next playlist entries but does not update the internal query iterator .", "returns the playlist entries but does not update the internal query iterator ."]
["returns whether or not an empty add token should be used for oauth1 .", "returns whether or not an empty token should be used for oauth1 .", "returns whether or add an empty oauth token should be used for oauth1 .", "returns whether an empty oauth token should be used for oauth1 .", "returns whether or not an empty add token should be used for oauth1 ."]
["convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to janus ' s", "convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to titan ' s", "convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to", "convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to janus", "convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to janus graph ' s"]
["optionally replace the head most component with a new component .", "optionally replace the most component with a new component .", "replace the outer most component with a new component .", "optionally replace the head most component with a new component .", "optionally replace the outer component with a new component ."]
["return the child of a node mapping to the input childname", "returns the child of a node mapping to the input childname", "return the child of the node mapping to the input childname", "return the child of a node child to the input childname", "return the child of a node mapping to the input childname"]
["returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name a services configuration file ."]
["returns an immutable list containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an list containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns a list containing an arbitrary number of elements ."]
["return a socket address for the remote socket .", "return a address for the remote socket .", "return a inet socket address for the remote socket .", "return a addr socket address for the remote socket .", "return a socket address addr for the remote socket ."]
["returns the my site fragment from the sites nav", "returns the my site fragment from the nav tab", "returns the my site fragment from the sites tab", "returns the my site fragment from the tab", "returns the my site fragment from the site tab"]
["returns a string describing module export .", "returns a string describing s export .", "returns a string export .", "returns a s describing module export .", "returns a string ."]
["package name to the new name .", "map name to the new name .", "map package name .", "map package name to new name .", "name package name to the new name ."]
["get is reversed .", "get is", "get returns with original accounting .", "get returns .", "get doc ."]
["the rsa vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa key create options vault key # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the options vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa options vault options vault key create options options vault key get options vault key type ( ) options vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa rsa vault rsa vault key create options rsa vault key get rsa vault key type ( ) rsa vault key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["see args # get offload executor .", "see args # get executor .", "see args # get blocking offload .", "see offload # get blocking executor .", "see args # get blocking executor ."]
["add a duration with the given amount unit .", "add a amount with the given time unit .", "add a duration with the given time amount .", "add a duration with the given time amount .", "add a duration with the given amount ."]
["also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .", "also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if a occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination ."]
["this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # returns name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get escape escape ( ) .", "# get name escape ( ) .", "the character provided by # get name escape ( ) ."]
["use pipelined hash join .", "use pipelined hash for service node .", "use pipelined join for service node .", "pipelined hash join for service node .", "test pipelined hash join for service node ."]
["issue a request with the given method to the provided http resource uri .", "issue a request with the given method to the given http resource uri .", "issue a http request with the given method to the provided resource uri .", "issue a request with the given http method to the provided resource uri .", "issue a request with the provided http method to the provided resource uri ."]
["authenticate .", "see authenticate by session .", "authenticate by ignite .", "ignite by session .", "authenticate by the session ."]
["create an unnamed , parented instance manager .", "create an unnamed , parented instance .", "create an unnamed , service instance manager .", "create an unnamed , parented instance locator .", "an unnamed , parented service instance manager ."]
["and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? .", "and r id = ? ."]
["create new mbean", "create new mbean and when set from class loader objectname", "create new mbean and when set from", "create new mbean objectname", "create new mbean ."]
["the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .", "the format of the region id depends on the group .", "the region id depends on the group .", "the zone format of the region id depends on the group .", "the detailed format region id depends on the group ."]
["reduce a structure to a single - atom representation ( e . g .", "reduce a structure to a single - atom representation ( g .", "reduce a structure to a single - atom representation", "reduce a structure to a single - atom representation e", "reduce a structure to a single - atom representation ."]
["go through the list of available clients in the queue and call hthrift client # close ( ) on each .", "go through the list of available clients in the queue and call hthrift # close ( ) on each .", "go through the list of available clients in the queue and call # close ( ) on each .", "go through the list of available clients in the queue and call client # close ( ) on each .", "go through the list of available clients in the queue and call hclient # close ( ) on each ."]
["warn the events stream that there was a push status update .", "warn the events stream that there was a gcm push update .", "warn the events stream that there was a push update .", "warn the events stream that there was a status update .", "warn the events stream that there was a gcm status push ."]
["get pool used for multi - project searches .", "thread pool used for multi - project searches .", "get pool used for multi project searches .", "gets thread pool used for multi - project searches .", "get multi - project searches ."]
["assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase object .", "assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase object object .", "assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase object .", "assigns a native mirror object to the given robject object .", "assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase ."]
["returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the content views of tabs .", "returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the views of tabs .", "returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the identifier views of tabs .", "returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the recycler views of tabs .", "returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the tabs ."]
["for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : 00 to 01 : 59 :", "for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : 00 to 01 :", "for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : to 01 59 :", "for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : 00 to 01 : %UNK% :", "for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : 00 to 01 : instant :"]
["keys # dolphin _ moisture", "keys # skin _ moisture", "keys # dolphin _ skin _ moisture", "keys # skin dolphin moisture", "keys # skin dolphin _ moisture"]
["getter : is this table a stream type ?", "getter : is this isstream a stream type ?", "getter : is this table a isstream type ?", "is this table a stream type ?", "getter : is this a stream isstream ?"]
["get the graph node .", "get the graph node ptr .", "gets the graph node at the file location ptr .", "returns the graph node at the file location ptr .", "get the graph node at this location ptr ."]
["calling this operation sends a handshake to every account in the organization .", "calling this operation returns a handshake to every account in the organization .", "calling this operation sends a returns to every account in the organization .", "returns this operation sends a handshake to every account in the organization .", "calling this %UNK% sends a handshake to every account in the organization ."]
["returns the widget that has focus .", "returns the current widget that has focus .", "returns the current widget that has focus .", "gets the current widget that has focus .", "returns the focused widget that has focus ."]
["builds a diff result based on the differences appended to this builder .", "builds a diff based on the differences appended to this builder .", "builds a diff result based on the differences appended to this builder .", "builds a diff result based on the differences appended to this builder .", "builds a diff result on the differences appended to this builder ."]
["removes elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 1 .", "removes elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 1 , 3 ] .", "elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] .", "removes elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 1 3 ] .", "removes elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 2 , 3 ] ."]
["sets the state of the loaded and prints some debug information", "sets the state of the loaded", "sets the state of the loaded and prints some information", "sets the state of the loaded and prints some debug information .", "sets the state of the loaded and prints some fatal information"]
["configuring availability options in the amazon cloud search developer", "availability options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "availability options in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see configuring availability options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "configuring availability options in the amazon cloud search guide ."]
["get cache partition awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache partition awareness group .", "get partition affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping ."]
["tests the behaviour of the various section related methods .", "tests the behaviour of the various configuration related methods .", "tests the configuration of the various section related methods .", "tests the behaviour of the various section methods .", "test the behaviour of the various section related methods ."]
["test of length method , of class fdistribution .", "test of method , of class fdistribution .", "test of npara method , of class fdistribution .", "test of method , length class fdistribution .", "test length npara method , of class fdistribution ."]
["whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter .", "whether it gives you labeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the %UNK%"]
["tests that a put blocks if the queue is full .", "tests that a operation blocks if the queue is full .", "tests that a put operation if the queue is full .", "tests that a put operation blocks .", "tests that the queue is full ."]
["returns true if the type class has already been registered / mapped .", "returns true if the type class has already been registered .", "returns true if the class has already been registered / mapped .", "returns true if the id class has already been registered / mapped .", "returns true if the type class has already been registered / mapped ."]
["mock . foo ( ) ; verify ( mock , after ( 1000 ) ) . foo ( ) ; waits 1 second and succeeds", "1 . mock . foo ( ) ; 1 ( mock , after ( 1000 ) ) . foo ( ) ; waits 1 second and succeeds", "1 . mock . foo ( ) ; verify ( mock , after ( 1 ) ) . foo ( ) ; waits 1 second and succeeds", "1 . mock . foo ( ) ; ( mock , after ( 1000 ) ) foo ( ) ; waits 1 second and succeeds", "1 . mock . foo ( ) ; verify ( mock , after ( 1000 ) ) . foo ( ) ; 1 1 second and succeeds"]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["copied from org . mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied from mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied from log . std err log .", "mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied mortbay . log . std err log ."]
["getter for # exposed headers", "getter for # headers", "getter for # expose headers", "getter for expose headers", "getter for # exposed exposed headers"]
["enables or disables service look - up from the naming system .", "enables or disables service config look - up from the naming system .", "enables or disables service config - up from the naming system .", "enables or disables service config look from the naming system .", "enables or disables service config look ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , repository id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time r id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository time id = ? ."]
["if it is expected that the observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # promise all single ( observable ) .", "if it is expected that the observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # all promise single ( observable ) .", "if it is expected that the all observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # promise single ( observable ) .", "if it is expected that the observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # promise all all single ( observable ) .", "if it is expected that the observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # promise promise all ( observable ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["added per pr comment :", "added per pr :", "added per pr", "added per auto comment :", "added per %UNK% comment :"]
["get branding info # # # functional description : public branding information .", "returns branding info # # # functional description : public branding information .", "get branding info # # # functional description .", "get branding info # # # functional description : public branding information .", "get branding info public branding information ."]
["checks expressions with the pragma for enforcing index rewritings .", "checks expressions with the pragma for enforcing rewritings .", "checks expressions with the pragma .", "checks expressions with the pragma for enforcing value rewritings .", "checks expressions with a for enforcing index rewritings ."]
["the max idle time is applied to a http request for io operations and delayed dispatch .", "the max idle time is applied to a an request for io operations and delayed dispatch .", "the max idle time is applied to a http an for io operations and delayed dispatch .", "the max idle time is applied to a http request for an operations and delayed dispatch .", "the max idle time is applied to a http request for io an and delayed dispatch ."]
["if no gradle user home is specified then this method returns .", "if no gradle user home is specified this method returns null .", "if the gradle user home is specified then this method returns null .", "if a gradle user home is specified then this method returns null .", "gradle user home is specified then this ."]
["if no network is found null is returned .", "if no line is found null is returned .", "if no group is found null is returned .", "if no network id is found null is returned .", "if group is found null is returned ."]
["if label = null , settings without any label are returned .", "if label filter = null , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter = null , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter filter = null , settings without any label are returned .", "settings without any label are returned ."]
["decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action member .", "decode an profile profile member to pi profile group member ."]
["note that the returned instance must be request request context . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request request context # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request context context . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request context . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .", "note that the returned instance must be request context context # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks ."]
["drops the temporary database instance .", "drops the database instance .", "drops the temporary instance .", "drops the temporary database .", "drops the %UNK% database instance ."]
["returns the inverse of the given matrix .", "returns the inverse .", "returns the inverse of the given matrix .", "gets the inverse of the given matrix .", "returns the inverse of the matrix ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["it divides the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( n = = number of samples ) .", "divides the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( n = = number of samples ) .", "it checks the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( n = = number of samples ) .", "it divides the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( sample n = = number of samples ) .", "it divides the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( sample = = number of samples ) ."]
["if the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed ( ) will any previously added callback be called .", "only if the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed will any previously added callback be called .", "only if the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed ( ) will any previously added callback be called .", "only if the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed ( ) will previously added callback be called .", "the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed ( ) will any previously added callback be called ."]
["test of length method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , length class geometric distribution .", "test length npara method , of class geometric distribution ."]
["creates a key value matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a key matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a keys matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a keys value matcher to match against a slot position ."]
["set the conditions .", "set the set .", "add the conditions .", "returns the conditions .", "sets the set ."]
["and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and r id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details ."]
["sets using idx parameter and returns trainer instance .", "sets using idx and returns trainer instance .", "sets using idx idx parameter and returns trainer instance .", "sets using using parameter and returns trainer instance .", "sets using using idx parameter and returns trainer instance ."]
["sets the drm callback to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling callback for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling callback for media .", "sets the media drm callback to use when handling drm for media ."]
["sets the entity .", "set the entity .", "set the value .", "add the entity .", "add the value ."]
["the generated hot stream is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated connectable is not pausable , for a pausable connectable @ see reactive seq # pausable hot connectable executor ) .", "the generated connectable is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the hot connectable is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated connectable connectable is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # pausable hot stream ( executor ) ."]
["if label = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned .", "abc \" , settings with a label containing \" abc \" are returned ."]
["creates a controller with no processing component pooling and no results caching .", "creates a controller with no processing component pooling .", "creates a controller with no processing component and no results caching .", "creates a controller processing component pooling and no .", "returns a controller with no processing component pooling and no results caching ."]
["returns true if the resource is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the package is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is a package resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is an package resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is a package name that can never be encapsulated ."]
["returns if a group is allowed in a container with the given type .", "checks if an group is allowed in an container with the given type .", "checks if a group is allowed in a container with this type .", "checks if the group is allowed in the container with the given type .", "checks if a group is allowed in an with the given type ."]
["the elements will be delivered on the amount to the handler .", "the elements will be delivered context to the .", "the elements will be delivered to the handler .", "the elements will be delivered context to the .", "the elements will be delivered context to the ."]
["adds the parameters into context ' s parameter map", "adds the parameters into context ' s map", "adds the parameters into context ' s parameter map .", "adds the parameters into context", "adds the parameters ' s parameter map"]
["this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . probability", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . created", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due user", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . probability user"]
["called when a controller requested to prepare for playing a specific media id through media controller2 # prepare from media id ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch for playing a specific media id through media controller2 # prepare from media id ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch for playing a specific prepare id through media controller2 # prefetch from media id ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch for playing a specific media id through media controller2 prefetch from # prepare id ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch for playing a specific media id through media controller2 from prepare from media id ( string , bundle ) ."]
["records the addition of an element to the given generation .", "records an element of the given size to the given generation .", "records the addition of an element of the given size generation .", "records the addition of a of the given size to the given generation .", "records the addition of an element of the given one to the given generation ."]
["returns a range of all the sync d l objects where repository = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where company = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where type = ?"]
["map name to the new name .", "map module name to the new name .", "module name to the new name .", "map module name .", "map module to the new ."]
["performs the request of the origin header that is targeted at the page .", "performs the check of the request header that is targeted at the page .", "performs the check of the source header that is targeted at the page .", "performs the check of the origin request that is targeted at the page .", "performs the source of the origin header that is targeted at the page ."]
["this is important to understand the changing nature of the", "this is important to understand changing nature of", "this is important to understand nature of the", "this is important to understand a changing nature of a", "the is important to understand the changing nature of the"]
["returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class type name , with params parameters .", "returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class name , with params parameters .", "returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class list name , with params parameters .", "returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class methods name , with params parameters .", "returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class type name , with methods parameters ."]
["show if the join / leave membership events must be hidden in the messages list .", "tells if the show / leave membership events must be hidden in the messages list .", "tells if the join / leave membership events must be hidden in the show list .", "tells if the join / leave membership events must be show in the messages list .", "tells if the join / show membership events must be hidden in the messages list ."]
["add path alteration detectors for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration observer scheduler .", "add path alteration detectors for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration observer .", "add path alteration detectors for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration .", "add path alteration observer scheduler for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration detector .", "add path alteration detectors for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration observer scheduler ."]
["returns a non - empty array of module module in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of module descriptors in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of module resolution in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of resolution descriptors in the run - time image .", "returns a module array of module descriptors in the run - time image ."]
["produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed semantic graph .", "starts a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces an ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["the ec key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["returns an empty iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator ( ) otherwise .", "returns an empty iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator ( ) .", "returns a iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator ( ) otherwise .", "returns an empty iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator otherwise .", "returns an empty iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator ( )"]
["parses latitude out of a given string .", "parses latitude of a given string .", "parses latitude out of the given string .", "parses latitude out of a given latitude .", "parses latitude out of an given string ."]
["they are immutable .", "are immutable .", "they are .", "they are replicas .", "they are map ."]
["set tu - upc .", "set upc .", "set - upc .", "set upc - upc .", "set upc ."]
["the semantics is the sames as java . net . url # open stream ( ) .", "the semantics is the sames as url # open stream ( ) .", "the semantics is the sames as net . url # open stream ( ) .", "the semantics is the sames as java . net . url # stream ( )", "the semantics is the sames as input . net . url # open stream ( ) ."]
["check nullability of the class entity properties", "check nullability of the class type properties", "check nullability of the class entity descriptor properties", "check nullability of the class type descriptor properties", "check nullability of the class persister properties"]
["the prefix includes the first slash in the full file name where applicable .", "the prefix includes the first slash in the full file where applicable .", "the prefix includes the first slash in the full name name where applicable .", "the prefix includes the first slash in the full file name where applicable .", "the prefix includes the first slash in the file name filename where applicable ."]
["in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same arrays with the same non - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that array - offset pair from lub .", "in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same arrays with the same non - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that sequence - offset pair from lub .", "in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same arrays with the same - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that array - offset pair from lub .", "in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same arrays with the same non - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that - offset pair from lub .", "in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same sequence with the same non - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that array - offset pair from lub ."]
["warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e .", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with script ( i e .", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script", "warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with script ( i", "warning : the reference comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e ."]
["get data source bean .", "get data source .", "returns data source bean .", "return data source bean .", "get data source orchestration ."]
["getter for # allowed origins", "getter for # origins", "getter for # allow origins", "getter for # origins .", "getter for # allow"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["fixture def if you need to set parameters like friction , restitution , user data , or filtering .", "def if you need to set parameters like friction , restitution , user data , or filtering .", "fixture def if you need to set parameters friction , restitution , user data , or filtering .", "fixture def if you need to set parameters like friction , restitution , user data .", "fixture def if you need to set parameters like friction , user data , or filtering ."]
["returns an intent to launch qr code generator according to the wi - fi network security .", "returns an intent to launch qr code generator or scanner according to the wi - fi network security .", "returns an intent to qr qr code generator or scanner according to the wi - fi network security .", "returns an intent to launch qr code generator security .", "returns an intent to launch qr code generator ."]
["for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ( method ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface method ) , ."]
["operation returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time", "operation returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time .", "list job operation returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time .", "returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time", "returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time ."]
["this is most useful .", "this is useful for beams .", "this is most for beams .", "this is most useful for horizontal .", "this is most useful for beams to ."]
["code snippets for blob client # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders http headers response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders with http headers ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders http headers ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,"]
["convert this map x to a lazy seq via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a lazy seq the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a lazy seq x via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a lazy via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a linked seq via the provided transformation function"]
["should be called when the media session2 # ( ) is called .", "should be called when the media session2 # pause is called .", "should be called when the media session2 # pause ( ) is called .", "should be called when the media session2 pause ( ) is called .", "should when the media session2 # pause ( ) is called ."]
["if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload ( returned progress is ) .", "if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload .", "if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload ( returned progress is 1 ) .", "if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload ( progress is 1 ) .", "if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload ( returned progress is ."]
["sets the asset entry persistence .", "sets the asset persistence .", "sets the ratings asset persistence .", "sets the asset like persistence .", "sets the asset like entry persistence ."]
["by constrast with optionals # sequence ( iterable x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored .", "by constrast with optionals # sequence ( reactive x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored .", "by constrast with optionals # sequence ( reactive seq x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored .", "by constrast with optionals # sequence ( iterable seq x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored .", "by constrast with optionals # sequence ( seq x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored ."]
["the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochrono using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the isochrono in isochronology using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochrono isochrono using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochrono using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochronology using the = = operator ."]
["returns the unmodifieable list of configured cms search field configuration entries .", "returns the unmodifieable list of configured i _ cms search field configuration entries .", "returns the unmodifieable list of configured _ _ cms search field configuration entries .", "returns the unmodifieable list of configured search field configuration entries .", "returns the unmodifieable list of configured cms field configuration entries ."]
["if the other module is everyone _ module then this method tests if the package is exported unconditionally .", "module then this method tests if the package is exported unconditionally .", "_ module then this method tests if the package is exported unconditionally .", "_ module then this method tests if the package is exported .", "then this method tests if the package is exported unconditionally ."]
["method to help .", "method help in .", "method to crypt in setting passwords .", "method to help passwords .", "method to help in setting this ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["set the maximum randomization depth for objects tree .", "set the maximum initialization randomization for objects tree .", "set the maximum depth for objects tree .", "set the initialization depth for objects tree .", "set the randomization initialization depth for objects tree ."]
["returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" value in qualifier anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" value in qualifier .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" value in meta anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" value in anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" value in qualifier anno ."]
["see # default _ ping _ before _ protocol _ connection .", "see # default _ ping _ before _ version _ connection .", "see # default _ version _ before _ activate _ connection .", "see # default _ protocol _ before _ activate _ connection .", "see # protocol _ ping _ before _ activate _ connection ."]
["converts a document back to a type - safe java object ( pojo )", "converts a dbobject back to a type - safe java object ( pojo )", "converts an dbobject back to a type - safe java object ( pojo )", "converts a back to a type - safe java object ( pojo )", "converts a dbobject back to a type - safe java document ( pojo )"]
["parse a string representation of a temporal value .", "parse a zone representation of a zoned temporal value .", "parse a string representation of a zoned temporal .", "parse a representation of a zoned temporal value .", "parse a string representation of a zone temporal value ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to duration types , returning null if text is null ."]
["default implementation returns :", "default implementation :", "default implementation returns", "default returns :", "default implementation gets :"]
["obtain the query timeout that will be used for statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default query timeout seconds that will be used for statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default timeout seconds timeout that will be used for statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default query timeout that will be used for statements created from this connection .", "obtain the seconds query timeout that will be used for statements created from this connection ."]
["changes health by a given percentage .", "changes value by a given percentage , modified by drain rate .", "changes health , modified by drain rate .", "changes health by a given value , modified by drain rate .", "changes health modified by drain rate ."]
["compute the standard mean pitch position of the provided key", "compute the standard mean pitch position of the provided key .", "compute the standard mean position of the provided key", "compute the standard pitch position of the provided key", "compute the standard mean pitch position of the provided position"]
["send request for execution via # cli io .", "send request for jdbc via # cli io .", "send request for via # cli io .", "send request for execution via # io .", "send request for execution # cli ."]
["create an unnamed instance manager .", "create an unnamed instance .", "an unnamed service instance manager .", "create an service instance manager .", "an unnamed instance manager locator ."]
["sets the value of the parameter property .", "sets the value of the property .", "sets the value of the parameter property .", "sets the value of the parameter .", "sets the value of parameter property ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["removes a surface config from the combination .", "removes a surface from the combination .", "removes a surface config from the combination .", "removes a config configuration from the combination .", "removes a surface configuration from the combination ."]
["the create rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the key rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the create vault rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified ."]
["returns the verb for the access token endpoint ( defaults to post )", "returns the verb for the access token endpoint ( defaults to get )", "returns the verb for the access token endpoint ( defaults to returns )", "returns the verb for the access token endpoint", "returns the post for the access token endpoint ( defaults to get )"]
["or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found", "or throws a marketplace no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found"]
["parses an option string and sets the options accordingly .", "parses an option string .", "parses a string and sets the options accordingly .", "returns an option string and sets the options accordingly .", "parses an assign string and sets the options accordingly ."]
["returns the rootest root ' s name for the module chain that will be macro expanded .", "returns the rootest flow ' s root for the module chain that will be macro expanded .", "returns the rootest ' s name for the module chain that will be macro expanded .", "returns the rootest flow ' s name for the root chain that will be macro expanded .", "returns the rootest flow ' s name for the module chain that will be macro expanded ."]
["returns the types of the output parameter .", "returns the list of the output parameter .", "returns the output parameter .", "returns the type of the output parameter .", "returns types of the output parameter ."]
["returns a newly - created simple composite service based on the services added to this builder .", "returns a newly - created simple composite service to this builder .", "returns a newly - created simple composite service .", "returns a newly - created simple composite service based on the services to this builder .", "returns a newly - created simple composite service services added to this ."]
["removes a package from the package repository .", "removes the package from the package repository .", "returns a package from the package repository .", "adds a package from the package repository .", "removes the from the package repository ."]
["gets connection id generator .", "gets connection id .", "gets connection id generator .", "gets connection id connection .", "gets connection generator length ."]
["you can rescan the input bucket to check for new documents or cancel a request .", "you can rescan the input bucket to check for new documents .", "you can rescan the input bucket to check for new documents a request .", "you can rescan the input bucket to check for documents or cancel a request .", "you can rescan the input bucket to check for new or cancel a request ."]
["set the groups .", "add the groups .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the groups ."]
["returns interval between vacuum runs .", "returns time interval between vacuum runs .", "returns time between vacuum runs .", "returns time interval runs .", "returns time interval vacuum runs ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["prepends the stringly representation of byte value into buffer , given the coder and final index .", "prepends the stringly representation of string value into buffer , given the coder and final index .", "prepends the stringly representation of short value into buffer , given the coder .", "prepends the stringly representation of short value into buffer , given the coder index .", "prepends the stringly representation of prefix value into buffer , given the coder and final index ."]
["creates an immutable context set .", "creates an immutable context set from an existing .", "creates an immutable context set from an existing of .", "creates an immutable context set from an existing value .", "creates an immutable context set from an existing of ."]
["the returned rx transaction allows using db transactions using rx observables .", "the rx transaction allows using db transactions using rx observables .", "the returned rx transaction allows using transactions using rx observables .", "the returned rx observables io allows using db transactions using rx observables .", "the returned rx transaction io allows using db transactions using rx observables ."]
["returns a new instance of turtle parser .", "returns a new instance of parser .", "returns a new instance of tuple parser .", "returns a new instance of turtle parser .", "returns a new instance of returns parser ."]
["code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download options ,", "code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download options retry ,", "code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range ,", "code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range , options ,", "code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download options retry retry ,"]
["object updates will continually be emitted as the realm object is updated - on complete will never be called .", "changeset changeset object updates will continually be emitted as the changeset object object is updated - on complete will never be called .", "object will continually be emitted as the realm object is updated - on complete will never be called .", "changeset updates updates will continually be emitted as the realm changeset updates is updated - on complete will never be called .", "object object object updates will continually be emitted as the object object object is updated - on complete will never be called ."]
["this is the price when the trade occurred .", "the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is not the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is traded the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price traded when the trade occurred ."]
["finds component generated from the given spec name .", "finds generated class from the given spec name .", "finds component generated class from the given spec name .", "finds generated class class from the given spec name .", "finds component class ."]
["set zusammenfassungseintrag .", "set preisliste .", "set rechnungstag .", "set zahlungsbedingung .", "set kostenrechnungsgenauigkeit ."]
["retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata ."]
["if present this task is part of the catalog but not executed", "if present this schedule is part of the catalog", "if present this schedule is task of the catalog but not executed", "if present this schedule is part of the catalog but not executed", "if present this is part of the catalog but not executed"]
["this uses isodate time parser time # date parser ( ) .", "this uses isodate time format # date parser time ( ) .", "this uses isodate time format # date format time ( ) .", "this uses isodate parser time format # date parser ( ) .", "this uses isodate time format time # date parser ( ) ."]
["returned library result will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful .", "returned result will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful .", "returned browser library will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful .", "returned browser result will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful .", "returned browser result will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful ."]
["the meta - property for the upfront fee property .", "the meta - property for the fee property .", "the meta - property for the upfront property .", "the meta - property for the front fee property .", "the meta - property for the upfront fee property"]
["loads properties from resource .", "loads properties .", "loads properties from url .", "returns properties from resource .", "gets properties from resource ."]
["this is the id of the workspace container where this event occurred .", "this is the id of the workspace where this event occurred .", "this is the id of the block workspace where this event occurred .", "this is the id of the workspace block container where this event occurred .", "this is the id of the block container where this event occurred ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns an transformer that flattens a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the", "returns a transformer that flattens a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the", "returns an transformer a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the", "returns an flattens a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the", "returns a transformer a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the"]
["clears the given persisted files stored in # m persisted ufs fingerprints .", "clears the given persisted files stored in # m persisted files ufs fingerprints .", "clears the given files stored in # m persisted files ufs fingerprints .", "clears the given persisted files stored in # persisted files ufs fingerprints .", "clears the given persisted stored in # m persisted info ."]
["token range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance .", "however , token range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance .", "however , virtual range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance .", "however , virtual nodes range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance .", "however , nodes range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance ."]
["checks a given class .", "checks a given class reader .", "checks a given class node .", "checks the given class .", "checks a given print ."]
["creates a list of item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given .", "creates a item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given .", "creates a of item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given .", "creates a non null list of item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given .", "creates a list list of item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given ."]
["verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified message", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified key", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 ' signature for the specified message", "verify the validity of an ' key _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified message", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' key for the specified message"]
["returns a rule that restricts access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns an rule that restricts access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns an that restricts access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns a rule that restricts access to the given add of ip addresses .", "returns restricts access to the given set of ip addresses ."]
["use # empty _ context if possible .", "use # empty _ context .", "use # empty _ context if .", "use # empty context if possible .", "# empty _ context if possible ."]
["decorates services under the specified .", "services under the specified directory .", "decorates services under the directory .", "decorates services .", "decorates services under the specified virtual ."]
["set maximum number of deferred application outgoing application data messages .", "set maximum number of application outgoing processed application data messages .", "set maximum number of outgoing processed application data messages .", "set maximum number of processed outgoing processed application data messages .", "set maximum number of deferred processed outgoing application data messages ."]
["add a citation to the citations .", "add a citation .", "add to the citations map .", "add an citation to the citations map .", "adds a citation to the citations map ."]
["for more information , see notifications .", "for more information , see .", "for more information , see vault notifications .", "for more information , see", "for more information , see vault ."]
["produce the script selector instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user .", "produce the script cluster instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user .", "produce the script selector selector instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user .", "produce the script cluster selector instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user .", "produce the script selector instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user ."]
["return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized ( after running the optimizers ) ."]
["the ec key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["get this object as a date time .", "get this object as a date time using the default zone .", "get this object as a date time using the .", "get this object as a date time using the", "get this object as a date time using the zone ."]
["get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager instance manager container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection injection instance manager container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager injection manager container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the instance manager container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the injection manager instance manager container ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create an instance of eingabegruppe"]
["returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed module computed from the system modules observable with the given module finder1 .", "returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed module computed from the finder1 observable with the given module finder .", "returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed finder2 computed from the system modules observable with the given finder2 finder .", "returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed finder1 computed from the system modules observable with the given finder1 finder .", "returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed module computed from the system modules observable with the given module finder1 ."]
["clears the value of the ' public ports ' field", "clears the value of the ' public ' field", "clears the value of the ' public port ' ports", "clears the value of the ' port ' field", "clears the value of the ' public port ' field"]
["create introspection response .", "create introspection map response .", "returns introspection invalid response .", "create introspection entity response .", "build introspection invalid response ."]
["closure / lambda", "closure", "closure / lambda .", "closure / %UNK%", "closure /"]
["send request for execution via # io .", "send request for jdbc via # cli io .", "send request for execution via # with io .", "send request for execution via # jdbc io .", "send request for with via # cli io ."]
["staff key signature is dynamically computed using the key shape and the count of roi slices .", "staff key signature is dynamically computed using the key shape and the count of alteration roi .", "staff key signature is dynamically computed using the key shape .", "staff key signature is dynamically computed using the key shape and the count of alteration slices .", "staff roi signature is dynamically computed using the roi shape and the count of alteration slices ."]
["helper method to compute column indices from selection columns and the data schema for selection queries with .", "helper method to compute column from selection columns and the data schema for selection queries with .", "helper method to compute column indices the data schema for selection queries with .", "helper method to compute column indices from selection columns and the data schema for selection queries .", "helper method to compute column indices from selection columns with ."]
["configures ssl / tls for https jetty client / client", "configures ssl / tls for client jetty server / client", "configures ssl / client for https jetty server / client", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty server", "configures ssl / tls for https jetty server / client ."]
["constructs an instance of bigtable table admin client .", "constructs an instance of bigtable table admin client , using the given settings .", "constructs an instance of table admin client , using the given settings .", "constructs an instance of bigtable admin client , using the given settings .", "returns an instance of bigtable table admin client , using the given settings ."]
["get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . named view related to the specified name from cache", "get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . named detail view related to the specified name from cache", "get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . named view detail related to the specified name from cache", "get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . named view related to the specified named detail from cache", "get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . view view detail related to the specified name from cache"]
["determines whether a character is a digit according to", "returns whether a character is a digit according to", "determines whether a character is a digit according to the", "determines whether the character is the digit according to", "determines whether an character is an digit according to"]
["the option is precreate = false option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers and the resulting duplicate broker errors", "note : the option is precreate = option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers and the resulting duplicate broker errors", "note : the option is precreate = false option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers and the resulting duplicate broker errors", "false option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers and the resulting duplicate broker errors", "option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers resulting duplicate broker errors"]
["cancels the current transition animation", "cancels the launcher transition animation", "cancels the transition animation", "cancels the current transition launcher", "cancels the current transition launcher animation"]
["scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does trust the api - api does not trust gateway", "scenario : - no ca inherited api - gateway does api the service - service does not api gateway", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does trust the service - service does api trust gateway", "scenario : - no ca api trust - gateway does trust the service - service does not trust gateway", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - api does trust the service - service does not trust api"]
["searches in content using scanner instance for given pattern .", "searches in reg using scanner instance for given pattern .", "searches in file .", "searches in string using scanner instance for given pattern .", "searches in file using reg instance for given pattern ."]
["returns the type corresponding to the given scheme and number of hosts , if any .", "returns the type corresponding to the given scheme of hosts , if any .", "returns the type corresponding to the given scheme connection and number of hosts , if any .", "returns the type corresponding to the given number of hosts , if any .", "returns the type corresponding to the given protocol of hosts , if any ."]
["manipulate the zoom level of the application", "manipulate the zoom level of the application it", "manipulate the zoom level of the application and centers it", "manipulate the zoom level and centers it", "manipulate the zoom level"]
["returns a copy of this cache span with a new file and last touch timestamp .", "returns a touch of this cache span with a new file and last access timestamp .", "returns a copy of this cache span with a new file and last touch .", "returns a copy of this cache span with a new file and last timestamp .", "returns a copy of this cache span with a new touch and last access timestamp ."]
["fast loop for computing math . pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer .", "fast loop for pow fast math . pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer .", "fast loop for math fast math . pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer .", "fast loop for math math . fast pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer .", "fast loop for computing fast math . pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer ."]
["note : this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .", "this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .", "note : this method resolves data locations for the shard .", "note : this method custom data locations for the shard .", "note : this method resolves shard data locations for the shard ."]
["set the name .", "add the name .", "returns the name .", "set the .", "set the set ."]
["exercise layer define modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the same name as a non - exported package in a parent layer .", "concealed contains define modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the same name as a non - exported package in a parent layer .", "exercise layer define modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the contains name as a non - exported package in a parent layer .", "exercise layer define modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the same name as a contains - exported package in a parent layer .", "exercise layer modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the same name as a non - exported package in a parent layer ."]
["type information to the specified element .", "attaches information to the specified element .", "attaches type information .", "attaches type to the specified element .", "attaches type information to the specified ."]
["returns the input stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output stream of this message content .", "returns the stream of this message content .", "returns the cached output of this message content .", "returns the cached stream of this message content ."]
["creates a new listenable future whose result is set from the supplied future when it completes .", "creates a new future whose result is set from the supplied future when it completes .", "creates a listenable future whose result is set from the supplied future when it completes .", "creates a new listenable future whose listenable is set from the supplied future when it completes .", "creates a new listenable future whose future is set from the supplied future when it completes ."]
["obtain a delegation token from accumulo in a backwards compatible manner .", "obtain a delegation token accumulo in .", "returns a delegation token from accumulo in a backwards compatible manner .", "obtain a delegation token from accumulo .", "obtain a delegation token from accumulo in a backwards compatible manner ."]
["return the data center for which an node resides in", "return the data center for which an node node resides in", "return the data center for which an node in", "return the data center for which an node node in", "return the data center for which a node resides in"]
["gets the value .", "gets the value text .", "sets the value .", "get the value .", "returns the value ."]
["returns the push notifications device with the primary key or throws a no such device exception if it could not be found .", "returns the push notifications device with the primary key or throws a pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found .", "returns the push notifications device with the primary key liferay . pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found .", "returns the push notifications device with the primary key or throws a pushnotifications no such device exception if it could not be found .", "returns the push notifications device with the primary key or throws a . no such device exception if it could not be found ."]
["a variation on # get for lookup path ( string ) that accepts a full request url path and returns the full request url path to expose for public use .", "a variation on # get for lookup path that accepts a full request url path and returns the full request url path to expose for public use .", "a variation on # get for lookup path ( string ) that accepts a full request url path path to expose for public use .", "a variation on # get for lookup path ( string ) that accepts a full request url path to expose for public use .", "a variation on # get for lookup path ( string ) that accepts a full request path and returns the full request path to expose for public use ."]
["create a builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create an builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "returns a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator ."]
["set non - incremental state values ( ex .", "set non - incremental state values .", "set non - incremental state values", "set non - incremental state values .", "set non - incremental state values ."]
["a p1 for unary products .", "a definition for unary products .", "a semigroup .", "a semigroup", "a semigroup for unary products ."]
["this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire retention lock ( )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # retention lock ( )", "this method should be called after acquiring lock ; see # acquire retention lock ( )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see #", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # reason retention lock ( )"]
["aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user", "aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds guide", "for more information , see aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .", "on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide", "aurora on rds in the amazon rds user guide"]
["creates a controller with processing component pooling but with no results caching .", "creates a processing component pooling but with no results caching .", "creates a controller with processing component pooling", "creates a controller with processing component pooling .", "creates a controller with processing component but with no results caching ."]
["wrapper for update remote store def list : update this for all the nodes", "wrapper for update store store def list : update this for all the nodes", "wrapper for update remote store def list : update this for all the store", "wrapper for update remote store def store : update this for all the nodes", "store for update remote store def list : update this for all the nodes"]
["creates a controller with processing component pooling but with no results caching .", "creates a controller with processing component pooling .", "creates a controller with processing component pooling", "creates a processing component pooling but with no results caching .", "returns a controller with processing component pooling but with no results caching ."]
["match the beginning of the given path and return the remaining portion of the path not covered by this pattern .", "match the beginning of the given path and return the remaining path of the path not covered by this pattern .", "match the start of the given path and return the remaining portion of the path not covered by this pattern .", "match the beginning of the given path and returns the remaining portion of the path not covered by this pattern .", "match the beginning of the given path and return the remaining start of the path not covered by this pattern ."]
["what about immutable set immutable set . copy of ( e [ ] ) ?", "what about immutable set immutable set . optional of ( e [ ] ) ?", "what about immutable set immutable set . copy of ?", "what about immutable set immutable set . converting of ( e [ ] ) ?", "what about immutable set immutable set copy of ( e [ ] ) ?"]
["default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "default value is integer . max _ value that it ' s non - ordered .", "integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s ."]
["event hub async producer event hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed .", "hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed .", "event hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed .", "producer hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed .", "hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed ."]
["this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # set local night mode ( int ) .", "this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # set local night mode .", "this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # local night mode ( int ) .", "this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # set local night mode ( ) .", "this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # sets local night mode ( int ) ."]
["cleans the triggers in this schema .", "cleans the procedures in this schema .", "cleans the procedures .", "cleans the procedures in this triggers .", "cleans the trigger in this schema ."]
["cancel the task of loading and displaying image for passed image view .", "cancel the task of loading image for passed image view .", "cancel the task of loading for passed image .", "cancel the task of loading and displaying image for image view .", "cancel the task of loading ."]
["sets the value of the ' in memory ' field", "sets the value of the ' ' field", "sets the value of the '", "sets the value of the '", "sets the value of the ' memory ' field"]
["creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific item , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended .", "creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific abstract , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended .", "creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended .", "creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific view , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended .", "creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific view , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended ."]
["appends a string to a given buffer .", "appends a string string to a given buffer .", "appends a quoted string to a given string .", "appends a quoted string to a given buffer .", "appends a quoted string to a given buffer ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["thus , you are encouraged to keep the returned fcpplugin connection it in memory and use it for as long as you need it .", "thus , you are encouraged to keep the returned fcpplugin connection it in memory and use it for as long as you need it .", "thus , you are encouraged to keep the returned fcpplugin it in memory and use it for as long as you need it .", "thus , you are encouraged to connection the returned fcpplugin client it in memory and use it for as long as you need it .", "thus , you are encouraged to keep the returned connection client it in memory and use it for as long as you need it ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "eingabegruppe an instance of jaxbelement"]
["logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as an instructor ( without admin rights ) .", "logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as an instructor .", "logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as a user ( without admin rights ) .", "logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as an user ( without admin rights ) .", "logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as an student ( without admin rights ) ."]
["returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier two valid offsets at a - line overlap ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset time .", "this factory converts the date - time object to an instance of offset time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of the offset time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date object to an instance of offset time ."]
["computes the offset of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in this layout .", "computes the element of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in this layout .", "computes the offset of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in .", "computes the offset of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in layout .", "computes the offset of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in ."]
["returns the default section paint .", "returns the section paint .", "returns the default paint .", "returns the short section paint .", "returns the default section paint"]
["returns the binding matcher which chooses which keys the listener should be notified of .", "returns the identifier matcher which chooses which keys the listener should be notified of .", "returns the matcher which chooses which keys the listener should be notified of .", "returns the binding matcher which chooses which binding the listener should be notified of .", "returns the binding which chooses which keys the listener should be notified of ."]
["sets the traded price that was traded , in decimal form .", "sets the price that was traded .", "sets the price , in decimal .", "sets the traded that was traded , in decimal form .", "sets the price ."]
["waits during timeout until master pod has a specified revision .", "waits during timeout until master pod has a specified wait revision .", "waits during timeout until wait pod has a specified expected revision .", "waits during timeout until master pod has the specified expected revision .", "waits during timeout until pod has a specified expected wait ."]
["update starting head in the data store .", "update current starting head in the data store .", "update current head segment in the data store .", "update starting head segment in the data store .", "update current head in the data store ."]
["starlark . none with default values .", "runtime . starlark with default values .", "runtime . none with default values .", "none with default values .", "runtime . none with default values ."]
["returns input deserialized from xml text .", "returns object deserialized from xml .", "returns object from xml text .", "returns deserialized from xml text .", "returns object deserialized from xml text ."]
["register sub - objects such as caches", "register sub - objects such as caches .", "register sub - objects such as %UNK%", "register sub - objects such as bean", "register sub - objects such as cache"]
["calls plugin # will before getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["you will need to # unregister screen events receiver ( ) unregister it later .", "you will need to # unregister screen off events ( ) unregister it later .", "you will need to # unregister screen receiver ( ) unregister it later .", "you will need to # unregister screen events events ( ) unregister it later .", "you will need to # events screen off receiver ( ) unregister it later ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . create subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . create subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . create # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . sub subdirectory # string"]
["traverse all nodes of a preferences tab and return a mapping from prefs tab to all its labeled type nodes .", "traverse all nodes of a preferences tab and return a mapping from preferences tab to all its labeled type nodes .", "traverse all nodes of a preferences tab and return a mapping from preferences tab to all its labeled type nodes .", "traverse all nodes a from preferences tab and return a mapping from prefs tab to all its labeled type nodes .", "traverse all nodes of tab and return mapping from prefs tab to all its labeled type nodes ."]
["invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( result , input stream , int )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , int , boolean )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , int )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , stream , int )"]
["implements y . pipe .", "implements x . pipe .", "implements operator . y .", "implements operator . x .", "implements y kind . pipe ."]
["parses the \" parenthesized expr \" rule without the opening parenthesis .", "parses the \" expr \" rule without the opening parenthesis .", "parses the \" parenthesized expr \" rule .", "parses the parenthesized expr rule without the opening parenthesis .", "parses the rule without the opening parenthesis ."]
["filters a list of method .", "filters a list method for .", "filters a list of method mop .", "filters a list of method methods .", "filters a list of for mop methods ."]
["gets the mount point information from a mount information .", "returns the mount point information from a mount information .", "gets the mount internal information from a mount information .", "gets the mount point information from the mount information .", "gets the mount point information from a internal information ."]
["don ' t report the passed metrics attributes for all metrics ( e . g .", "don ' t report the passed metrics attribute for all metrics ( e . g .", "don ' t report the passed metrics types for all metrics ( e . g .", "report the passed metrics types for all metrics ( e . g .", "don ' t report the passed attributes types for all attributes ( e . g ."]
["set a global \" subscription \" hook to intercept signals produced by the passed terminal core .", "set a global \" subscription \" hook to intercept signals produced by the passed terminal .", "set a global \" subscription \" hook to intercept signals produced by the passed terminal core subscriber .", "set a global \" subscription \" hook to intercept signals produced by the passed core subscriber .", "set a global \" subscription \" hook to intercept signals produced by the passed subscriber ."]
["if false , the built - in ( dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used", "if false , the built - in implementation for convolution layer will be used"]
["provides a google credentials bundle from the service account ' s json key file .", "provides a google credentials from the service account ' s json key file .", "provides a google credential from the service account ' s credentials key file .", "provides a google bundle from the service account ' s json key file .", "provides a google bundle bundle from the service account ' s json key file ."]
["lchoose of n choose k", "of n choose lchoose", "log of n lchoose", "log of n lchoose k", "log of n k"]
["deserializes the previously serialized twitter token stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "deserializes the previously serialized token stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "deserializes the previously token twitter token stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "deserializes the previously previously twitter token stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "deserializes the previously serialized serialized twitter stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) ."]
["helper that allows to create starts with without having to instantiate new objects .", "helper that allows to create starts with starts without having to instantiate new objects .", "helper that allows to create starts without having to instantiate new objects .", "helper that allows to create without having to instantiate new objects .", "helper that allows to create starts with without having to instantiate new starts ."]
["checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a qualified class to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified name .", "checks a name to qualified that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks an name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name ."]
["automatically triggers stack trace sampling if statistics are not available or outdated .", "triggers stack trace sampling if statistics are not available or outdated .", "automatically triggers trace sampling if statistics are not available or outdated .", "automatically triggers operator trace sampling if statistics are not available or outdated .", "automatically triggers stack trace if statistics are not available or outdated ."]
["this test will be called by axis path # index if the context value only consists of database nodes .", "this test will be called by path # index if the context value only consists of database nodes .", "this test will be called by axis path # index if the context value only consists of nodes .", "this test will be called by axis path # index if the value only consists of database nodes .", "this test will be called by axis path # index if the expr value only consists of database nodes ."]
["sets the value of the security descriptor attr property .", "sets the value of the security attr property .", "sets the value of the security property .", "sets the value of the security descriptor property .", "sets the value of the security descriptor attr attr property ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["if a value is specified for link prefix , then a link is generated with link prefix + pretty name of the property from the configuration class .", "if a value is specified for link prefix , then a link is generated with link prefix + name of the property from the configuration class .", "otherwise if a value is specified for link prefix , then a link is generated with link prefix + pretty name of the property from the configuration class .", "link prefix , then a link is generated with link prefix + pretty name of the property from the configuration class .", "then a link is generated with link prefix + pretty name of the property from the configuration class ."]
["registers a events to finish activity when screen goes off .", "registers a receiver to events activity when screen goes off .", "registers a receiver to finish activity when screen goes events .", "registers a receiver to finish events when screen goes off .", "registers a receiver to finish activity when events goes off ."]
["sets the global writer .", "sets the log writer index .", "get the log writer index .", "sets the global log writer .", "sets the log index ."]
["changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .", "for more information , see note : changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .", "changes to dynamic parameters are applied .", "changes to parameters are applied immediately .", "to dynamic parameters are applied immediately ."]
["set name of the cosmos db mongo db database .", "set name of the resource db mongo db database .", "set resource of the cosmos db mongo db database .", "set name of the cosmos db resource db database .", "set name of the db mongo db database ."]
["file format of the scored parses \\ t", "format of the scored parses \\ t", "file format of the scored parses t", "file format of the scored parses \\ t .", "file format of the scored parses \\ \\ ."]
["returns the asset entry persistence .", "returns the asset like entry persistence .", "returns the asset persistence set persistence .", "returns the asset entry persistence set .", "returns the asset entry entry set ."]
["resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve .", "resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve .", "resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve bind", "resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve .", "resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve ."]
["any error can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( script mail result ) .", "any error can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( script mail ) .", "any error can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( script ) .", "any script mail can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( uuid ) .", "any script mail result can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( uuid ) ."]
["gets the amount .", "gets the value of the notional exchange .", "returns the amount of the notional exchange .", "gets the amount of the value exchange .", "gets the amount of the notional value ."]
["gets the value of the schema language property .", "gets the value of the schema property .", "gets the value of the schema language property .", "gets the value of the language language property .", "gets the value of the string language property ."]
["apply # coerce ( string , type , object , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , read data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , object , data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , object , sequence data context ) method to a collection item .", "apply # coerce ( string , type , , read data context ) method to a collection item ."]
["insert the buffered data into the store .", "bulk insert the data into the store .", "bulk insert the buffered data .", "bulk insert the buffered data .", "bulk insert the buffered data ."]
["and verify that the allocation should finish soon after the duration time ms .", "and verify that the allocation should finish soon after the max duration time ms .", "that the allocation should finish soon after the max block time ms .", "and verify that the allocation should soon after the max duration time ms .", "and verify that the allocation should finish soon after the max block time ms ."]
["id of the open id client", "id of the oauth open id", "id of open id client", "open id of the oauth client", "id of the oauth client"]
["when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( and get value ( to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null use cookie methods name ( ) and value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of"]
["creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given descriptor .", "creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given type .", "creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given descriptor .", "creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given persister .", "creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given object ."]
["wait the status message in the page is same as the one specified .", "verifies the texts message in the page is same as the one specified .", "texts the status message in the page is same as the one specified .", "returns the status message in the page is same as the one specified .", "wait the texts message in the page is same as the one specified ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["to create a named database id from known name and uuid .", "to create a database id from known name and uuid .", "to create a database named id from known name and uuid .", "to create a named database id from known name and uuid .", "to create a named database id from known name ."]
["processes an invalid character .", "processes an invalid .", "processes a character .", "processes a .", "returns an invalid character ."]
["sets the event indexes .", "sets the indexes index .", "sets the index .", "sets the event indexes .", "sets the event ."]
["parses an seconds date / time value with millisecond precision and returns this as a", "parses an seconds / time value with millisecond precision and returns this as a", "parses an rfc3339 seconds / time value with millisecond precision and returns this as a", "parses an rfc3339 seconds / time value with millisecond precision and returns this as a", "parses an rfc3339 date / time seconds with millisecond precision and returns this as a"]
["execute template .", "execute and passed templates .", "execute and passed template .", "execute passed template .", "execute and templates template ."]
["returns an adjusted time based on this time .", "returns a time based on this time .", "returns a temporal time based on this time .", "returns a adjusted time based on this time .", "returns an adjusted time ."]
["sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - array item , or if it refers to the context item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - ex item , or if it refers to the context item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one array item , or if it refers to the context item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one array item , or if it refers to the context item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - array item the context item ."]
["if circular initialization of the system class loader is detected then an unspecified error or exception is thrown .", "if circular initialization of the cannot class loader is detected then an unspecified error or exception is thrown .", "if circular initialization of the system class loader is detected then an unspecified error .", "if circular initialization of the system class loader is detected then an unspecified or exception is thrown .", "if circular initialization of the class class loader is detected then an unspecified error or exception is thrown ."]
["this uses the default project id configured see service options # get default project id .", "this uses the default project id configured see # get default project id", "this uses project id configured see service options # get default project id .", "this uses the default project id configured see service options # project id .", "this uses the default project id configured see stackdriver # get default project id ."]
["if the setting is read only , then no modifications can be made to this setting .", "if the setting is read , then no modifications can be made to this setting .", "if the setting is only only , then no modifications can be made to this setting .", "if the setting is read only , then no modifications can be made to this setting .", "if the setting is read only only , then no modifications can be made to this setting ."]
["delete nodes from recycle bin # # # functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin .", "nodes from recycle bin # # # functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin .", "# # functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin .", "# functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin .", "delete nodes from recycle bin # # # functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin ."]
["returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle information ' .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle ' .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle information ' .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle information .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle information ' ."]
["obtains an instance from zero rate sensitivity and repo group .", "obtains an instance from zero rate sensitivity and repo group .", "obtains an instance from zero rate sensitivity repo group .", "obtains a repo from zero rate sensitivity and bond group .", "obtains an instance from zero rate sensitivity group ."]
["set the data source which ingest jobs are being displayed for", "update the data source which ingest jobs are being displayed for", "sets the data source which ingest jobs are being displayed for", "update the data source for", "update the data source"]
["converts a raml documentation to a restlet definition .", "converts a raml documentation to a definition .", "converts a raml documentation .", "converts a raml documentation to a translate definition .", "starts a raml documentation to a restlet definition ."]
["return a scalar encodec for the given range .", "return a encodec codec for the given range .", "return a scalar for the given range .", "return a scalar encodec encodec for the given range .", "return a encodec for the given range ."]
["the options vault key key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa vault key key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the create vault key key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key rsa create key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key create options vault key # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified ."]
["register a handler method and its unique mapping , on startup .", "register a handler method on startup .", "register a handler method and its unique mapping .", "register a handler method and its unique mapping .", "register a handler method ."]
["adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension .", "adds a new job job queue to remove the extension from the specified .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified request from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified uninstall from the specified namespace ."]
["write a line of the co nll output .", "write a line of the output .", "write a line of the nll output .", "write a line of a co nll output .", "write a line of the ."]
["returns the list of ids of all the cpu . trace info created in the current session , ordered by \" from \" timestamp .", "returns the list of ids of all the cpu . trace info created in the current session , ordered by \" from \" timestamp .", "returns the list of ids of all the cpu . trace info created in the current session , ordered by \" from \" timestamp .", "returns the list of ids of all the cpu . cpu trace info created in the current session , ordered by \" from \" timestamp . cpu", "returns the list of ids of all the cpu . trace info created in the current session , ordered by \" from \" timestamp ."]
["if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this cluster name will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this group cluster will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this cluster will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate cluster id property defined , this group name will also be used as a wan publisher id .", "if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this cluster name will also be used as a wan publisher id ."]
["protocol and proxy will be null and ioexception will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt .", "protocol and proxy will be null and ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt .", "protocol and proxy will be null and ioe ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt .", "protocol and proxy will be null and ioexception ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt .", "protocol and proxy will be null will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt ."]
["it will provide temporary loader component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded .", "it will provide loader component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded .", "it will provide temporary component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded .", "temporary loader component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded .", "it will provide temporary container component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded ."]
["returns the selected remote resource", "returns the selected resource file", "returns the selected remote resource", "returns the selected remote", "returns the selected remote resource"]
["returns the capture config for the capture stage object .", "returns request config for capture stage object .", "capture request config for the capture stage object .", "returns the capture config for capture stage object .", "returns the capture config for the capture stage object ."]
["set the values for some properties keys on a collection alias .", "set the values for some metadata keys on a collection properties .", "set the values for some properties on a collection alias .", "set the values for some keys on a collection properties .", "set the properties for some metadata keys on a collection alias ."]
["when no time zone is specified .", "when no time zone is specified at all is presumed .", "when no time zone is specified at the , utc is presumed .", "when no time zone is specified at all .", "when no time zone is specified , utc is presumed ."]
["prints the providers that are used by the services specified in the given modules .", "prints the service that are used by the services specified in the given modules .", "prints service to the providers that are used by the services specified in the given modules .", "prints the service to providers that are used by the services specified in the given modules .", "prints the providers that are used by the service to services specified in the given modules ."]
["toggle read only mode .", "set toggle only mode .", "set read mode .", "set only mode .", "toggle only mode ."]
["conversion to a instruction handle is done in instruction list ( byte [ ] ) .", "conversion to a instruction handle is done in instruction list .", "conversion to a handle is done in list ( byte [ ] ) .", "conversion to a instruction handle is done in instruction list ( ) .", "to a instruction handle is done in instruction list ( byte ) ."]
["it is a wrapper of read inner to handle interrupted exception .", "inner is a wrapper of read native to handle interrupted exception .", "it is a wrapper of read native to handle interrupted inner .", "it is a wrapper of inner native to handle interrupted exception .", "it is a wrapper of read native to handle inner exception ."]
["the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same corfu .", "the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same corfu table .", "the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same smrmap .", "the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same table table .", "the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same table ."]
["saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all write ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "write changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all bean ( binding and bean level ) pass ."]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api published ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api ' event .", "creates an api entry for the ' service published ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the api service published ' event ."]
["opens the specified query .", "opens the specified file .", "opens the query file .", "opens the specified editor file .", "returns the specified query file ."]
["optimization does not apply :", "optimization does not apply to :", "optimization does apply to pattern :", "optimization does not apply to 1 :", "invisible does not apply to pattern :"]
["returns the default section stroke .", "returns the section stroke .", "returns the default stroke .", "returns the short section stroke .", "returns the contact section stroke ."]
["given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , a string , returns a list with the values of the captured in the pattern ."]
["constructs the metric object from the grpc format .", "constructs the metric object .", "constructs the metric object map .", "constructs the metric object from the format .", "constructs the metric object from the thrift format ."]
["the default implementation in this class returns if the version matches , and creates a new protocol version otherwise .", "the default implementation in this class returns if the version matches , and creates a new version otherwise .", "the default implementation in this class returns if the version matches , and creates a protocol version otherwise .", "the default implementation in this class returns if the version matches , and returns a new protocol version otherwise .", "this class returns if the version matches , and creates a new protocol version otherwise ."]
["stopping of fluent cucumber test adapter", "stopping of cucumber test adapter", "stopping of test adapter", "stopping of scenario cucumber test adapter", "stopping of adapter"]
["changes the default factory .", "changes the factory .", "sets the default factory .", "returns the default factory .", "changes the default ."]
["the function should return a value in the same currency for any rates provider of credit rates provider .", "the function should return a value in the same currency for any provider of credit provider .", "the function should return a value in the same currency for any provider of credit provider .", "the function should return a value in the same currency for any provider of credit .", "the function should return a value in the same currency for any rates provider of the credit rates provider ."]
["returns a list of allowed keys .", "returns a list .", "returns a list of keys .", "gets a list of allowed keys .", "returns a option of allowed keys ."]
["if replace with byte array coder is set , then replace that unknown coder .", "with byte array coder is set , then replace that unknown coder with a byte array coder .", "with byte if byte coder coder is set , then replace that unknown coder with a byte array coder .", "with byte if replace coder coder is set , then replace that unknown coder with a byte array coder .", "with byte if byte coder coder is set , then replace that unknown coder with a byte components coder ."]
["if propagate is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed .", "if is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed .", "if propagate propagate is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed .", "if propogate is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed .", "is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed ."]
["checks if the given name is a legal type name .", "checks if the given name is a legal binary name .", "checks if the given name is a legal name .", "checks if the given name is a legal binary type .", "checks if the given name is a legal private name ."]
["returns the default impl provider .", "returns the impl selector provider .", "returns the default instance .", "returns the default selector provider .", "returns the default impl ."]
["creates a new schema info level with settings for minimum schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder for minimum .", "creates a new schema info level builder settings for .", "creates a new schema level builder with settings for minimum schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder with settings minimum ."]
["report all the tribes in the repository .", "report all the tribe in the repository .", "report all the name in the repository .", "report all the in the repository .", "report all the tribes in the repository ."]
["switching off based term freq will return a simple averaging over all the terms found in the index", "switching off based on term freq will return a simple averaging over all the terms found in the index", "switching off ignore term freq will return a simple averaging over all the terms found in the index", "switching off term freq will return a simple averaging over all the terms found in the index", "switching off ignore term freq will return a based on averaging over all the terms found in the index"]
["get resource of the cosmos db sql database .", "get properties of the cosmos db sql database .", "get properties .", "get properties database .", "get name database ."]
["evaluates the file ast into a package .", "evaluates the file filename into a package .", "evaluates the build ast into a package .", "evaluates the file into a package .", "evaluates the file ast <UPDATE_END> into a package ."]
["creates an unicast subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates a subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an create subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint when the single cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single create cancels its subscription ."]
["called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , library params params ) .", "called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , library params ) .", "called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , library ) .", "called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , ) .", "called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , params params ) ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["returns the column info for the passed class name .", "returns the column info for the class name .", "returns the column info for the passed class .", "returns the column info for the passed name .", "returns the column info for the passed class column ."]
["returns an array containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns a containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns array containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns an validators containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns some validators in order to validate the"]
["sets the incarnation ' s logical timestamp .", "sets the member .", "sets the number ' s logical timestamp .", "sets the member ' s logical timestamp .", "sets the member ' s incarnation timestamp ."]
["delegates to http request # get context path ( ) .", "delegates to server http request # get path context path ( ) .", "delegates to server http request # get context path ( ) .", "delegates to path http request # get context path ( ) .", "delegates to server http request # get path ( ) ."]
["returns an transformer that performs commit or rollback of a transaction .", "returns a transformer that performs commit or rollback of a transaction .", "returns an performs commit or rollback of a transaction .", "returns a transformer commit or rollback of a transaction .", "returns performs commit or rollback of a transaction ."]
["sets a custom ivalue formatter for all data sets this data object contains .", "sets a custom formatter for all data sets this data object contains .", "sets a custom value formatter for all data sets this data object contains .", "sets a ivalue value formatter for all data sets this data object contains .", "sets an ivalue value formatter for all data sets this data object contains ."]
["traverse the ocsp certificate .", "traverse the ocsp cert .", "traverse the cert certificate .", "traverse the certificate .", "cert the ocsp certificate ."]
["executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node .", "executes a long work instances on a single server2 and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node .", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it server2 enough time and executed on the expected node .", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that test took enough time and executed on the expected node .", "executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it test enough time and executed on the expected node ."]
["gets the right value or an alternate value , if the projected either is a left .", "returns the right value or an alternate value , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the right value if the projected either is a left .", "gets the right value , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the right value or an alternate value , if the projected either is an left ."]
["gets the dose units of this drug order", "gets the dose of this drug order", "gets the units of this drug order", "gets dose units of this drug order", "gets units of this drug order"]
["add the long to the value of this integer .", "add the argument to the value of this long .", "add the argument to the value .", "add the argument value of this integer .", "add to the value this integer ."]
["sets data to be parsed .", "returns data to be parsed by libflac .", "sets data to be by libflac .", "data to be parsed by libflac .", "sets extractor to be parsed by libflac ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , sensitivity currency , repo group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , sensitivity currency , repo group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , sensitivity currency , repo group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , repo , sensitivity currency , bond group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , sensitivity currency , repo group and value ."]
["runs the callable task in the request context initialized from the request context . instance scope instance .", "runs the request task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .", "runs the callable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . request scope request .", "runs the callable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .", "runs the callable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . request scope instance ."]
["sets the traded price that was traded , in decimal form .", "sets the price that was traded .", "sets the price , in decimal .", "sets the traded that was traded , in decimal form .", "sets the price ."]
["create store lock checker with lock on a provided path if it exists and writable", "create store layout checker with layout on a provided path if it exists and writable", "create store lock checker with lock on a provided layout if it exists and writable", "create store lock checker with lock on a provided store if it exists and writable", "create store store checker with store on a provided path if it exists and writable"]
["the negative of absent is # containing .", "the negative of absent is # containing containing .", "the negative of absent is # containing .", "the negative of absent is # containing containing containing .", "the negative of absent is # containing ."]
["saves the commander configuration .", "saves the mu commander .", "saves the mu commander configuration .", "saves the mu commander configuration .", "returns the mu commander configuration ."]
["setter for book property or upgraded property", "setter for book book or upgraded property", "setter for book modified or upgraded property", "setter for book modified property or upgraded", "setter for book modified modified or upgraded"]
["if the class is unpackaged , return an empty string .", "if the class is unpackaged , return an string .", "if the name is unpackaged , return an empty string .", "if the package is unpackaged , return an empty string .", "if the class is unpackaged , returns an empty string ."]
["an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined using known amount payment period .", "an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined using swap known amount payment period .", "an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined using period .", "an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined using amount payment period .", "an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined # swap known amount payment period ."]
["the meta - property for the volatilities name property .", "the meta - property for the future name property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities option property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities name volatilities property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities option volatilities property ."]
["returns a list of alias - > module for each imported module .", "returns a module of alias - > module for each imported module .", "returns a alias - > module for each imported module .", "returns an module of alias - > module for each imported module .", "returns an list of alias - > module for each imported module ."]
["checks incremental command cancellation detection", "checks incremental command cancellation", "checks incremental command detection", "checks incremental command cancellation detection test", "checks incremental command cancellation test"]
["adds an unqualified \" opens \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" dynamic private opens directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens private \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens private \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens dynamic private \" directive to the declaration ."]
["pointers .", "two pointers .", "two len2 .", "two .", "two inclusion ."]
["create and display the initial view .", "create and display the initial view .", "create and display the view .", "create and display the initial view .", "create and display the initial ."]
["obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified end point .", "obtain a repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "returns a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point ."]
["set the barline that starts the part .", "set the barline part that starts the part .", "sets the barline that starts the part .", "set the part barline that starts the part .", "set the part part that starts the part ."]
["start the tool .", "main the tool .", "system launch the tool .", "the tool .", "launch the start ."]
["brings the nodes in a correct order according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a correct order to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a correct according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a order according to the dependencies that they have ."]
["write the property name and values into a string builder", "write the property builder and values into a string buffer", "write the builder name and values into a string buffer", "write the property name and values into a string", "write the property name"]
["creates an uninitialized key format io . write .", "creates an uninitialized format io . write .", "creates an uninitialized write .", "creates an uninitialized value format io . write .", "creates an uninitialized hadoop format write ."]
["called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt and updates the passed one w / the uuid", "called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt", "called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt and updates the passed one w / the uuid .", "called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt w / the uuid", "called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt / the uuid"]
["returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold bits", "returns the number of bits bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the bits of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the number of num bit words it would take to hold num bits"]
["get data of type \" text \" from the client side data object .", "get data of type \" text \" from the client side data transfer object .", "get data of type \" text \" from the client side data drag object .", "get data of type \" text \" from the client side data type object .", "get data of type \" text \" from the client side data ."]
["test that removing a column sets its width to zero .", "test that removing the column sets its width to zero .", "test that removing a column sets its width to style .", "test that removing an sets its width to zero .", "test that removing the sets its width to zero ."]
["build a rollup column qualifier prefix , prepending the appender as a string along with a colon as delimiter", "builds a rollup column qualifier prefix a string along with a colon as", "builds a rollup column qualifier string , prepending the appender as a string along with a colon as delimiter", "builds a rollup column qualifier prepending the appender as a string along with a colon as delimiter", "builds a rollup column qualifier prefix , build the appender as a string along with a colon as delimiter"]
["for more information , see getting domain information in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "getting domain information in the amazon cloud search developer", "domain information in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "domain information in the amazon cloud search developer", "information in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["gets the contract types .", "gets the contract .", "gets the contract types .", "gets the contract contract .", "gets the contract type types ."]
["get client socket for ios .", "get ios socket for connection .", "get client ios for connection .", "returns client socket for connection .", "get client socket for collection ."]
["first construct a map whose key is the node in the gossip digest and the value is the", "first construct a map whose key is the endpoint in the gossip digest and the value is the", "first construct a map whose key is the endpoint in the node digest and the value is the", "first construct a map whose node is the endpoint in the gossip digest and the value is the", "construct a map whose key is the endpoint in the gossip digest and the value is the"]
["creates a new key inter object .", "creates a new key inter .", "creates a new inter object .", "creates a new key inter key .", "returns a new key inter object ."]
["get a command locator that uses the service services locator mechanism to find providers by their service key .", "get a command locator that uses the services service locator mechanism to find providers by their service key .", "get a command locator that uses service locator mechanism to find providers by their service key .", "get a command locator that uses locator mechanism to find providers by their service key .", "get a command locator that uses the service locator locator mechanism to find providers by their service key ."]
["you cannot delete a security group that is associated with any clusters .", "note : you cannot delete a security group that is associated with any clusters .", "you cannot delete a security group that is associated with any clusters", "you cannot delete a group that is associated with any clusters .", "note : you cannot delete a security group that is associated with any . describe ."]
["gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the", "gets an message string based on the locale determined by the", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the faces", "gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the localized"]
["reads the specified file .", "reads the specified file and returns the contents as a string .", "reads the specified returns the contents as a string .", "returns the specified file and returns the contents as a string .", "reads the specified file ."]
["returns token stream to tokenize a text .", "returns twitter token stream to tokenize a text .", "twitter token stream to tokenize a text .", "twitter returns token stream to tokenize a text .", "returns stream to tokenize a text ."]
["rfc 2616 , section version defines comma as the separator for # token sequences .", "2616 , section version defines comma as the separator for # token sequences .", "rfc 2616 , section defines comma as the separator for # token sequences .", "rfc 2616 , version defines comma as the separator for # token sequences .", "rfc 2616 as the separator for # token sequences ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["split system . catalog at the given split point", "split catalog at the given split point", "split system at the given split point", "split full . catalog at the given split point", "split system . full at the given split point"]
["it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( string ) , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection .", "it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( list ) , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection .", "it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( subscribers ) , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection .", "it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( abstract ) , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection .", "it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( abstract , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection ."]
["sets the journal article remote service .", "sets the journal remote service .", "sets the class name remote service .", "sets the name remote service .", "sets the journal library remote service ."]
["let the view group handler handle clearing attributes on a given component", "let the view group handler handle clearing attributes on a given components", "let the components group handler handle clearing attributes on a given component", "let the view group handler handle clearing attributes on a given list", "let the view group handler handle clearing components on a given component"]
["user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in a case manner .", "user names will always be checked in the case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in an case insensitive manner .", "the user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner ."]
["obtains an instance based on a single mapping from index to volatility identifier .", "obtains a based on a single mapping from index to volatility identifier .", "obtains an instance based on a single mapping from index to default identifier .", "obtains an instance based on an single mapping from index to volatility identifier .", "obtains a based on a single mapping from index to volatility identifier , ."]
["receives a problem and a queue implementing the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , if such a state was found .", "receives a queue implementing the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , if such a state was found .", "receives a problem a queue implementing the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , found .", "receives a problem the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , if such a state was found .", "receives a problem a queue implementing the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , found ."]
["gets the base name , minus the full path and extension , from a full file name .", "gets the base name , minus the full path and extension , from a full file .", "gets the file name name , minus the full path and extension , from a full filename .", "gets the base name , minus the file name path and extension , from a file name filename .", "gets the base name , minus the full path and extension , from a full name ."]
["if for a specific event , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in your job request , amazon glacier sends both notifications .", "if for a specific event , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in your request , amazon glacier sends both notifications", "if for a specific event , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in your , amazon glacier sends both notifications", "if for a specific , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in your initiate job request , amazon glacier sends both notifications .", "if for a specific event , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in initiate job request , amazon glacier sends both notifications ."]
["a file chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files .", "file chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files .", "the file chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files .", "a jksfile chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files .", "an file chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files ."]
["by default , the service returns no split transcript .", "by default , the service returns no split metrics .", "by default , the service returns no split transcript end .", "by default , the service returns no split transcript metrics .", "by default , the service returns no split phrase ."]
["if any offset in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the sequence in lub .", "if any offset in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the sequences in lub .", "if any sequences in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .", "if an sequences in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .", "if any sequence in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub ."]
["converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 characters ."]
["indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with a factory object when requested .", "indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with a element object when requested .", "indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with when requested .", "indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with a element when requested .", "indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with an element object when requested ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["like # default format relationship file header with utc as the default time zone .", "like format relationship file header ( supplier ) with utc as the default time zone .", "like # default format relationship file header ( ) with utc as the default time zone .", "like # default format relationship file header ( supplier ) with utc as the default time zone .", "like # default format relationship file header ( with utc as the default time zone ."]
["returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an sequence length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an sequences of an array length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier with sequences - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an sequences length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains access of an with an sequence length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains access of an of an sequence length in arrays ."]
["returns the value of \" server scheme \" property in latke . properties , returns \" \" if found .", "returns the value server scheme \" property in latke . properties , returns \" \" if not found .", "server scheme \" property in latke . properties , returns \" \" if not found .", "return the value of \" server scheme \" property in latke . properties , return \" \" if not found .", "returns the value of server scheme property in latke . properties , returns if not found ."]
["sets the default section stroke .", "sets the base default stroke .", "sets the section stroke .", "sets the default stroke .", "sets default section stroke ."]
["to allow getting the item , return the library result with the library result # result _ error _ success and the media item .", "to allow getting the item , return the library result with the library result # result _ error success and the media item .", "to allow getting the item , return the library error with the library error # error _ code _ success and the media item .", "to allow getting the item , return the library result with the library result # result _ code _ success and the media item .", "to allow getting the item , return the library result with the library result # result _ success and the media item ."]
["returns the dynamic list used by this sortable list panel .", "returns the dynamic list used by this", "returns the dynamic list used by this .", "returns the dynamic list used by this sortable list panel .", "returns the dynamic list used by this returns list panel ."]
["defaults to false .", "defaults to @ literal false .", "defaults to @ literal .", "defaults to protocol literal false .", "defaults to version literal false ."]
["- mutual trust exists between gateway and api - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` .", "- mutual trust exists between gateway and iapi - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` .", "- mutual trust exists between gateway and service - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` .", "- mutual trust exists between gateway and gateway - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` .", "- api trust exists between gateway and service - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` ."]
["returns the identifier of this action profile group .", "returns the identifier of this action group .", "returns the group of this action profile group .", "returns the identifier of this profile group .", "returns the of this action profile group ."]
["create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type .", "create a new annotation instance from the specified annotation type .", "create a new merged annotation instance .", "create a new merged annotation instance with the specified annotation type .", "create a new merged annotation of from the specified annotation type ."]
["returns true if this info has at least 1 comprises tag .", "returns if this tagged info has at least 1 comprises tag .", "returns true if tagged info has at least 1 comprises tag .", "returns true if the tagged info has at least 1 comprises tag .", "returns true if this tagged info has at comprises 1 comprises tag ."]
["configures the wait duration which specifies how long the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to interval open .", "configures the wait duration which specifies how long the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to half open .", "configures the wait duration which specifies how interval the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to half open .", "configures the wait interval which specifies how long the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to half open .", "configures the interval duration which specifies how long the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to half open ."]
["total runtime size is 1296 bytes", "runtime size is 1296 bytes", "total runtime size is 1296 bytes .", "%UNK% runtime size is 1296 bytes", "total runtime size is %UNK% bytes"]
["set eingabegruppe .", "set required .", "set parent .", "set data .", "set tab ."]
["caches numeric host names only .", "caches numeric host names .", "caches host names only .", "caches numeric names only .", "caches numeric inet names only ."]
["security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security in a key - value map .", "attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a in a key - value map .", "security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with in key - value map .", "provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security in a key - value map .", ", provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security in a key - value map ."]
["on the other hand , in the sentence \" . . . which mr . bush was fighting for \" , we should have pobj ( for , which ) .", "on the other hand , in the sentence \" which mr bush was fighting for \" , we should have pobj ( for , which )", "on the other hand , in the sentence . . . which mr . bush was fighting for , we should have pobj ( for , which ) .", "on the other hand , in the sentence \" . . . which . bush was fighting for \" , we should have pobj ( for , which ) .", "on hand , in the sentence \" . . . which mr . bush was fighting for \" , we should have pobj ( for , which ) ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor ."]
["if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the fragment schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is fragment , returns the first part of the reader schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first fragment of the reader schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the reader fragment that failed compatibility check ."]
["returns the my site fragment from the sites tab", "returns the my site fragment from the sites nav", "returns the my site fragment from the nav tab", "returns the my site fragment from the tab", "returns the my site fragment from the sites tab ."]
["return the underlying rabbit used for sending .", "return the underlying rabbit template used for sending .", "return the underlying template used for sending .", "return the underlying rabbit template for sending .", "return the underlying template template used for sending ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for client and debugging ."]
["called by media session2 stub # get library root ( imedia controller2 , library ) .", "called by media session2 stub # get library ( imedia controller2 , bundle ) .", "called by media session2 stub # get library library ( imedia controller2 , bundle ) .", "called by media session2 stub # get library root ( imedia controller2 , result ) .", "called by media session2 library # get library root ( imedia controller2 , bundle ) ."]
["a data retrieval policy can cause your initiate retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception exception .", "data retrieval policy can cause your initiate retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception exception .", "retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception", "can cause your initiate retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception exception .", "can cause your initiate retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception"]
["also @ see future # accumulate ( iterable x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error", "also @ see future # accumulate ( iterable x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error", "also @ see future # accumulate ( x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error", "also @ see future # accumulate ( collection x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error", "also @ see future # accumulate ( collection x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error"]
["executes all dispatch plain # add added prior to this call , serially and in order .", "executes all listeners plain # dispatch added prior to this call , serially and in order .", "executes all listeners dispatch # add added prior to this call , serially and in order .", "executes all listeners plain # add dispatch prior to this call , serially and in order .", "executes all listeners plain # add added to this call , serially and in order ."]
["adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds a new tag for the specified metadata ."]
["determine if the supplied class is an inner class .", "determine if the supplied class is an .", "determine if the is an inner class .", "determine if the supplied class is an .", "determine if the supplied class is an inner class ."]
["sets a new ishape renderer responsible for drawing this data set .", "sets a new shape renderer responsible for drawing this data set .", "sets a new renderer responsible for drawing this data set .", "sets a new shape ishape responsible for drawing this data set .", "ishape a new shape renderer responsible for drawing this data set ."]
["applies the optimization .", "applies the optimization ( main entry point ) .", "applies the optimization ) .", "applies the .", "returns the optimization ( main entry point ) ."]
["creates query for the given query pattern .", "creates source for the given search pattern .", "creates query for the given pattern .", "query query for the given search pattern .", "returns query for the given search pattern ."]
["get qty issued .", "get zusammenfassungseintrag .", "get endzeitpunkt .", "get steuerkategorie .", "get qty replicas ."]
["this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ] ,", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ]", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ]", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ] ,", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string [ ] , resource"]
["returns query for the given query string .", "creates query for the given query string .", "query query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "creates for the given string ."]
["returns a list of classes which contain the @ deprecated annotation .", "returns a list of classes which contain the", "returns a list of classes .", "returns a list of string which contain the @ deprecated annotation .", "returns a list of classes which contain the ."]
["returns the border attack that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border attack that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border attack range that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the attack size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot ."]
["aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user", "aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds guide", "for more information , see aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .", "on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide", "aurora on rds in the amazon rds user guide"]
["inserts an external id .", "inserts .", "delete or updates an external id .", "inserts or updates a id .", "inserts id ."]
["trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "trading - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "trading strategy .", "strategy we expect the engine to shutdown ."]
["if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the , then the whole string becomes the , and lemma and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the then the whole string becomes the and lemma and tag are .", "if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the lemma and tag are ."]
["examines the a file ' s first bytes and estimates the file ' s type .", "examines the a file ' s bytes and estimates the file ' s type .", "examines the a file ' s estimates the file ' s type .", "examines the a file and estimates the file ' s type .", "examines the a file ' s first bytes ."]
["this information is useful for implicit and safe casting .", "this information is useful for implicit casting .", "this information is useful for and safe casting .", "this information is useful for typed and safe casting .", "this information is useful for %UNK% and safe casting ."]
["construct a new member summary builder .", "construct a new summary builder .", "construct a member summary builder .", "construct an member summary builder .", "get a new member summary builder ."]
["foreign call : snippet runtime # deopttest .", "call : snippet runtime # deopttest .", "foreign call : runtime # deopttest .", "foreign call : deopt runtime # deopttest .", "foreign call : test runtime # deopttest ."]
["all the arrays must have the same number of elements in each array .", "all a arrays must have a same number of elements in each array .", "the the arrays must have the same number of elements in each array .", "all the arrays must have the same number of elements in the array .", "all the arrays must have the same number of elements in the given array ."]
["creates and starts a tailer for the given file .", "creates a tailer for the given file .", "creates and starts a create for the given file .", "returns and starts a tailer for the given file .", "creates and returns a tailer for the given file ."]
["get jersey client .", "initializing get client .", "client jersey client .", "initializing client .", "jersey client ."]
["sets add addresses .", "sets addresses .", "returns bcc addresses .", "add bcc addresses .", "add ."]
["returns the object at the specified index , if there is one , or .", "returns the object at the index , if there is one , or .", "returns the object at the specified index .", "returns the at the specified index , if there is one , or .", "returns the object at the specified index or ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["creates an executor service object backed by a thread pool with a fixed number of threads . .", "returns an executor service object backed by a thread pool with a fixed number of threads . .", "creates an executor service object backed by a thread pool with a number of threads . .", "creates executor service object backed by a a pool with a fixed number of threads . .", "creates executor service object backed by a with a fixed number a ."]
["a candidate package name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate module name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .", "a candidate package name is derived from a module using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash ."]
["calculates the cash flow for a trading record .", "calculates the cash flow for a record record .", "calculates the cash flow for a trading record .", "returns the cash flow for a trading record .", "calculates the cash flow for the trading record ."]
["if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the fragment schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is fragment , returns the first part of the writer schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first fragment of the writer schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the writer schema that failed compatibility check .", "if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the fragment part of the writer schema that failed compatibility check ."]
["converting http and uris to their web socket equivalent", "converting http and uris to their web socket equivalent .", "converting http and uris to their socket equivalent", "converting http and uris to the web socket equivalent", "converting http and uri to their web socket equivalent"]
["if autopsy is indeed running from command line , then use the command line startup window and kick off command line processing .", "if autopsy is running from command line , then use the command line startup window and kick off command line processing .", "if autopsy is indeed running from command line , then use the command line startup window processing .", "if autopsy is running from command line , then use the command line startup window kick off command line processing .", "if autopsy is indeed from command line , then use the command line startup window and kick off command line processing ."]
["return a live zoo keeper connection .", "return a zoo keeper connection .", "return a live keeper connection .", "returns a live zoo keeper connection .", "return a zoo zoo keeper connection ."]
["gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a string .", "returns the curent contents of this byte stream as a string .", "gets the curent contents of this byte stream as the string .", "gets the curent contents of the byte stream as a string .", "gets the curent contents of this byte stream ."]
["wrap type in class if using class = = true", "wrap type in class if", "wrap type in class if using class = = true .", "type in class if using class = = true", "wrap type in class if true"]
["get project type phases", "get type phases", "get tasks type phases", "get list type phases", "get type type phases"]
["test for reading paragraphs from range after replacing some text in this range .", "test for reading paragraphs from ioexception after replacing some text in this range .", "test for ioexception paragraphs from range after replacing some text in this range .", "test for paragraphs paragraphs from range after replacing some text in this range .", "test for test paragraphs from range after replacing some text in this range ."]
["returns true if this result represents a malformed - input error .", "returns true if this result represents a malformed .", "true if this result represents a malformed - input error .", "returns true if this result represents a malformed error .", "atomically returns true if this result represents a malformed - input error ."]
["receives a view id data and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it .", "receives a data id info and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it .", "receives a view id data and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it .", "receives a view id info and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it .", "receives a view data info and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this test ensures that the kudu io correctly respects parallelism by deserializes writers and that each writer is opening and closing kudu sessions .", "this test ensures that the kudu io correctly respects parallelism by writers and that each writer is opening and closing kudu sessions .", "this test ensures that the kudu io respects parallelism by deserializes writers and that each writer is opening and closing kudu sessions .", "the kudu io correctly respects parallelism by deserializes writers and that each writer is opening and closing kudu sessions .", "this test ensures that the kudu io correctly respects parallelism by deserializes writers closing kudu sessions ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["converts into a promise , for the observable ' s single item .", "converts an promise into a promise , for the observable ' s single item .", "converts a into a promise , for the observable ' s single item .", "converts an immutable into a promise , for the observable ' s single item .", "converts a promise , for the observable ' s single item ."]
["set the result variable .", "set the variable .", "sets the variable .", "builder the result variable .", "sets the result variable ."]
["removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity id .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified namespaced entity .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified namespaced id .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata id ."]
["uploads a file to a share using a multipart request containing a metadata part and a filedata part .", "uploads a file to a share using a multipart request containing a metadata part .", "uploads a file to a share using a multipart request containing a metadata part .", "uploads a file to a share using an request containing a metadata part and a filedata part .", "uploads a file to a share request containing a metadata and a filedata part ."]
["this method is used to add a new resource to the signed info .", "this method is used to adds a new resource to the signed info .", "this method is used to add the new resource to the signed info .", "this method is used to add an resource to the signed info .", "add a new resource to the signed info ."]
["sets the value of the algorithm hash value property .", "sets the value of the hash value property .", "sets the value of the crypt hash value property .", "sets the value of the crypt hash value property .", "sets the value of the algorithm hash value ] property ."]
["returns injection manager relevant to current application .", "returns manager relevant to current application .", "returns manager relevant to current application .", "returns short manager relevant to current application .", "returns injection manager to current application ."]
["sets the column criterion currently used to sort the table .", "sets the column criterion used to sort the table .", "sets the column criterion currently used to sort the table .", "sets the column currently used to sort the table .", "sets the column column currently used to sort the table ."]
["returns the client name uniquely identifying the hazelcast cluster .", "returns the client name uniquely identifying the hazelcast client .", "returns the client name uniquely identifying the hazelcast client .", "returns name uniquely identifying hazelcast cluster .", "returns the client name uniquely identifying the hazelcast cluster ."]
["ensure that # load subscriptions ( context ) was called to set up the manager .", "ensure that # load subscriptions ( ) was called to set up the manager .", "ensure that # load subscriptions was called to set up the manager .", "ensure that # load subscriptions ( application ) was called to set up the manager .", "ensure that # load subscriptions ( context , context ) was called to set up the manager ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for service and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging ."]
["gets the value of the entity attribute of the conference - info element .", "gets the value of the attribute of the conference - info element .", "gets the value of the entity of the conference - info element .", "gets the entity of the sid attribute of the conference - info element .", "gets the value of the sid attribute of the conference - info element ."]
["this get scenario will return a configuration setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current configuration setting .", "this get scenario will return a configuration when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting configuration when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting ."]
["returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc utc representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current utc .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone ."]
["retrieve / build the crawlspecification for the given crawljax .", "retrieve / build the crawlspecification for the given arguments .", "retrieve / build the crawlspecification for the given configuration .", "retrieve / build the crawlspecification for the given crawljax configuration .", "retrieve / build the crawljax for the given arguments ."]
["returns the length of this path .", "returns the type of this path .", "returns the length of this path .", "returns the length of this type .", "returns the length of the path ."]
["register the given dynamic jmx mbean .", "register the given dynamic mbean .", "register the given jmx mbean .", "register the given dynamic m mbean .", "m the given dynamic jmx mbean ."]
["verify access to a member , returning false if no access", "verify access to a member , returning false if the access", "verify access to a member , returning false if no access .", "verify access to a member , returning false if access", "verify access to a member , returning false if an access"]
["gets the get threshold parameter .", "gets the threshold parameter .", "returns the threshold parameter .", "gets the get parameter .", "gets the parameter ."]
["returns a lightweight , low - level parent axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight iterator .", "returns a called , low - level parent axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , called - level parent axis iterator ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set http headers # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set http # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client http headers . set httpheaders # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . http httpheaders # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . http headers . specialized . http headers async client base . set httpheaders http headers blob http headers"]
["this is a annotation method intended to be called from get annotation mirror of contract annotation and get annotation mirror of meta annotation .", "from get annotation mirror of contract annotation and get annotation mirror of meta annotation .", "this is a helper method intended to be called mirror of contract annotation and annotation mirror of meta annotation .", "get annotation mirror of contract annotation and get annotation mirror of meta annotation .", "called from get annotation mirror of contract annotation and get annotation mirror of meta annotation ."]
["increment the count of all applied state update by @ param num .", "increment the count of all applied state by @ param num .", "increment the count of all applied state updates .", "increment the count of all applied state updates by @ param num .", "increment the count of all component applied state updates by @ param num ."]
["convert the attribute if necessary .", "convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "returns the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the profile if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute and add it to the profile ."]
["( camel - - rest )", "spark rest ( camel - spark )", "spark camel - spark - rest )", "spark rest ( - spark - )", "spark rest ( camel - spark )"]
["returns a comparator .", "returns a comparator which can compare events .", "returns a comparator which can compare default events .", "returns the comparator which can compare calendar events .", "returns a comparator which can compare calendar events ."]
["send request to the server with negotiation blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send request to the server with early blockwise negotiation through block2 option .", "send request to the server through block2 option .", "send request to the negotiation with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .", "send negotiation to the server with early blockwise negociation through block2 option ."]
["add a series for a bubble type chart using using double arrays", "add a series for a bubble type chart", "add a series for a bubble type chart", "add a series for a bubble type chart using using series arrays", "add a series for a bubble type chart using using series"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["tests that track selector will audio tracks with higher bit - rate when other factors are the same , and tracks are within renderer ' s capabilities .", "tests that track selector will select audio tracks rate when other factors are the same , and tracks are within renderer ' s capabilities .", "tests that track selector will select audio tracks when other factors are the same , and tracks are within renderer ' s capabilities .", "tests that track selector will select audio tracks with higher bit - rate when other factors are the same , and tracks are renderer ' s capabilities .", "tests that track selector will audio tracks with higher bit rate when other factors are the same , and tracks are within renderer ' s capabilities ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . set configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . set setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration set configuration . set setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . set set configuration # string - string - string"]
["key options create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "options options create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "create create create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional ."]
["starts a new process tracing span and attached context the event data object for users .", "starts a new process tracing span event data object for users .", "starts a new process tracing span context the event data object for users .", "starts a new process tracing span .", "starts a new process tracing span and event context the event data object for users ."]
["returns a new twitter token stream which provides the same output as the original token stream .", "returns a new token stream which provides the same output as the original token stream .", "returns a new token stream which provides the same output as the new twitter token stream .", "returns a new twitter stream which provides the same output as the original token stream .", "returns a stream which provides the same output as the original token stream ."]
["returns the strong map file from the most recent recompile .", "returns the map file from the most recent recompile .", "returns the source map file from the most recent recompile .", "returns the file map file from the most recent recompile .", "returns the list file from the most recent recompile ."]
["returns an unmodifiable view of the info of all steps in this run .", "returns an info view of the status of all steps in this run .", "returns an unmodifiable view of the info steps in this run .", "returns an unmodifiable view of the info in this run .", "returns an unmodifiable view of the steps in this info ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details ."]
["create a netty ssl context instance .", "get a create netty ssl context instance .", "get a create ssl context instance .", "get a netty create netty context instance .", "get a netty create context instance ."]
["obtains an instance of offset time from an id .", "obtains an instance of offset time from an zone .", "obtains an instance of offset time from an instant .", "obtains an instance of id time from an instant .", "obtains an instance of offset time from a id ."]
["creates source for the given source string .", "creates for the given string .", "creates query for the given query .", "creates query for the given query source .", "returns query for the given query string ."]
["group : data", "group : %UNK%", "group : consumer", ": consumer", "data : consumer"]
["flat the linked hashmap of profiles into a list of profiles .", "flat the linked hashmap of profiles .", "the linked hashmap of profiles into a list of profiles .", "list the linked hashmap of profiles into a list of profiles .", "flat profiles into a list of profiles ."]
["create a new node with the given node commented .", "create a new node with the given commented .", "create a new node with the given child node commented .", "create a new node with the child node commented .", "create a new with the given child commented ."]
["dy repos can add and remove repos .", "dy repos can adds and remove repos .", "adds talks can add and remove repos .", "dy talks can add and remove repos .", "dy repos can add and dy talks ."]
["query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied matcher .", "query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied key matcher .", "query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied key value matcher .", "query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied property matcher .", "query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied key property matcher ."]
["returns the values for the specified parameter expected to be present in the http request .", "returns the values for the specified parameter expected to be present in the http request .", "returns the parameter for the specified parameter expected to be present in the http request .", "returns the values for the specified parameter expected to be present in the http parameter .", "returns the values for the specified request expected to be present in the http request ."]
["construct a aggregation exceptions # automatic _ keep _ separate content provider operation .", "construct a automatic # type _ keep _ separate content provider operation .", "construct a aggregation exceptions # type _ _ separate content provider operation .", "construct a aggregation exceptions # type _ keep _ separate content provider operation .", "construct a aggregation exceptions # type _ automatic _ separate content provider operation ."]
["for more information , see configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer", "scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see configuring configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["keys # armor has _ _ stand _ marker", "keys # stand has _ _ stand _ marker", "keys # armor _ stand _ marker", "keys # armor _ marker has _ _ marker", "keys # armor _ stand _ marker has _"]
["this helps live testing against specific regions only .", "this helps regions testing against specific zones only .", "this helps live regions against specific zones only .", "this regions live testing against specific zones only .", "this helps live testing against specific regions only ."]
["decode an action profile group with members information to a pi profile action group .", "decode an action profile group with members information to a profile profile action group .", "decode an action pi profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode a profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode an profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "about how to detect language of a text input .", "how to detect language of a text input ."]
["backup previous stream env config .", "backup previous stream env config batch configs .", "previous stream env config set batch configs .", "previous stream set batch configs .", "previous stream set batch configs ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["extract the first two version numbers from int . version ( e . g .", "extract the first two version numbers from java . version ( int . g .", "extract the first two version numbers from version ( e . g .", "extract the first two version numbers from java . version", "extract the first two version numbers from version ( e ."]
["the request context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context .", "the request thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance ."]
["returns true if the current alluxio uri is a ancestor of another alluxio uri .", "returns true if the current alluxio uri is an ancestor of another alluxio uri .", "returns true if the current alluxio uri is a of another alluxio uri .", "returns true if the current alluxio uri is a parent of current ancestor uri .", "returns true if the current alluxio uri is a of another alluxio ancestor ."]
["generates an instance of open object for which the underlying stream may be re - opened and retried based on the exception and retry condition .", "generates an instance of open object for which the underlying stream may be re - open and retried based on the exception and retry condition .", "generates an instance of open object for which the underlying stream may be re - open and retried based on the exception and retry condition .", "generates an instance of open object for which the underlying stream may be re - of open and retried based on the exception and retry condition .", "generates an instance of open object for which the underlying stream may be re - open and retried based on the exception and retry condition ."]
["if the cancel requested flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted .", "if the requested flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted .", "for more information , see important : if the cancel requested flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted .", "if the flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted .", "if the requested flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted ."]
["see metric attributes .", "see metric attribute .", "see attributes type .", "see metric .", "see metric type ."]
["get the service object associated with this instance of", "get the service component runtime object associated with this instance of", "get the service component object associated with this instance of", "get the service component runtime . object associated with this instance of", "get the service runtime runtime object associated with this instance of"]
["comma separated list of task to pass to the scheduler", "comma separated list of parameters to pass to the scheduler", "comma separated task of parameters to pass to the scheduler", "task separated list of parameters to pass to the scheduler", "separated list of parameters to pass to the scheduler"]
["however if this property is used , the auto - detection is turned off .", "if this property is used , the auto - detection is turned off .", "this property is used , the auto - detection is turned off .", "the auto - detection is turned off .", "however if this property is used , auto - detection is turned off ."]
["set the values .", "add the values .", "sets the values .", "set the set .", "returns the values ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["return the length of the quaternion .", "return the length of the quaternion ( the norm , the magnitude ) .", "return the length of the quaternion , the magnitude .", "return the length of the quaternion magnitude .", "returns the length of the quaternion ( the norm , the magnitude ) ."]
["sets the sas ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the ip sas range which determines the ip sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the sas ip range which determines the sas ip ranges that are allowed to the sas the sas .", "sets the the sas range which determines the the sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets ip range which determines the the sas ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas ."]
["configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search guide"]
["buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , shutdown consumers maybe cause blocking when producing .", "buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , shutdown consumers cause blocking when producing .", "buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , consumers maybe cause blocking when producing .", "buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , shutdown maybe cause blocking when producing .", "buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , shutdown consumers cause blocking when producing ."]
["tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path context ) method for creating a file .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path options ) method for creating a file .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path context ) method for creating a file .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path ) method for creating a file .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path options ) method for creating a file ."]
["gets the model .", "gets the model id .", "gets the model object .", "gets the model model .", "gets the model yaml ."]
["for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource ,", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see managing amazon kinesis .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see amazon kinesis limits .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see managing tagging .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see managing snapshot ."]
["sets the value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value .", "sets the value value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value .", "sets the name value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value .", "sets the default value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value .", "sets the value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value ."]
["turn an array of strings into a list of core labels todo : move elsewhere ?", "helper method : turn an array of strings into a list of labels todo move elsewhere ?", "helper method : turn an array of strings into a list of core labels", "helper method : turn an array of strings into a list of core todo move elsewhere ?", "method turn an array of strings into a list of core labels todo : move elsewhere ?"]
["generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share client # delete sub subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # sub subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete subdirectory directory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete subdirectory directory ( string )"]
["make additional calls to poll for decision task using the next page token returned by the initial call .", "to retrieve subsequent pages , make additional calls to poll for decision task using the next page token by the initial call .", "to poll for decision task using the next page token returned by the initial call .", "retrieve subsequent pages , make additional calls poll for decision task using the next page token returned by the initial call .", "make additional calls to poll for decision task using next page token returned by the initial call ."]
["converts an int int hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts int open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts an open hash map into a flat [ ] array .", "converts open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts open hash map into a flat [ ] array ."]
["returns the specified font , but with the style ' s bold and italic flags applied .", "returns the specified font , but with the style ' s bold .", "returns the specified font , but with the style ' s font and italic flags applied .", "returns the font , but with the style ' s bold and italic flags applied .", "returns the specified font but with the style ' s bold and ."]
["unique metric name is in the format of a . b . c", "metric name is in the format of a . b . c", "name is in the format of a . b . c", "unique metric name is in the format of a . b . parent", "unique metric name is in the format of the . b . c"]
["registers a new entry .", "registers a new sitemap entry .", "registers a new sitemap sitemap .", "registers a new sitemap .", "registers a sitemap sitemap entry ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["return a protobuf relation triple from a relation triple .", "return a protobuf from a relation triple .", "return a protobuf relation triple from a relation triple .", "return a protobuf open ietriple from a relation triple .", "return a open relation triple from a relation triple ."]
["returns whether this step specifies the given environment .", "returns whether this deploys specifies the given environment .", "returns whether this step specifies the given environment .", "returns whether this step returns the given environment .", "returns whether the step specifies the given environment ."]
["inserts a new outgoing text message .", "inserts a new text message .", "inserts a new outgoing text .", "inserts an outgoing text message .", "inserts a new outgoing text message ."]
["executable process bundle descriptor # side input specs for the set of multimap side inputs that are contained .", "executable process bundle descriptor # get side input specs for the set of side inputs that are contained .", "process bundle descriptor # get multimap side input specs for the set of multimap side inputs that are contained .", "executable process bundle descriptor # input specs for the set of multimap side inputs that are contained .", "executable process bundle descriptor # input specs for the set of side inputs that are contained ."]
["kept for compatibility .", "kept for compatibility with script .", "kept for compatibility with field script .", "kept compatibility with .", "kept for compatibility"]
["return a self monitored resource .", "return a self - configured monitored resource .", "return an - configured monitored resource .", "return a default - configured monitored resource .", "return a self - configured monitored resource ."]
["delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given ' prefixes ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given ' prefix ' .", "delete all prefix trees under a given ' prefix ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given ' prefixes ' .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given .", "delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given ."]
["sets the value of default user .", "sets the value of default name ( login or username ) .", "sets the value of default user name ( login or username ) .", "sets the value of default name user ( login or username ) .", "sets the value of default user login or ."]
["state action events for this component .", "change action events for this component .", "handle change events for this component .", "handle state events for this component .", "action events for this component ."]
["gets the set of successors for this state", "gets the set of successors for this state .", "gets the set of arc for this state", "gets the set of search for this state", "gets the set of successors for the state"]
["decode the com . mongodb . document and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object", "decode the com . mongodb . dbobject and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object", "decode the com . mongodb . document and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object", "decode the dbobject and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object", "decode the com . document . dbobject and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object"]
["returns an immutable copy of network .", "returns an immutable copy of graph .", "returns an immutable copy of network network .", "returns an immutable copy of network .", "returns an immutable copy of ."]
["return the current head segment .", "return the current head .", "return the current head segment .", "return the current segment segment .", "return the current starting head ."]
["get a list of objects being traced by this object .", "get a list of trace being traced by this object .", "returns a list of objects being traced by this object .", "gets a list of objects being traced by this object .", "get a list of objects being trace by this object ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["sets the discovery configuration .", "sets the discovery provider configuration .", "sets the provider configuration .", "sets the provider discovery .", "sets the cluster configuration ."]
["adds a value that has been seen n times to the observed values", "adds a value that has been seen n times to the observed weight", "adds a value that has been seen weight times to the observed values", "adds a weight that has been seen n times to the observed values", "adds a value that has been seen times to the observed values"]
["returns the document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the lucene document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the document document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the lucene document with the given root path from the document .", "returns the lucene document with the given document path from the index ."]
["this operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum url size when making a rest request using the http get method .", "url size when making a rest request using the http get method .", "size when making a rest request using the http get method .", "the maximum url size when making a rest request using the http get method .", "when making a rest request using the http get method ."]
["returns the value of the node as a string , or the specified default value if the node is undefined .", "returns the value of the node as a string , or the specified default value if the node is default .", "returns the value of the node as a string , or the specified default value if the node is default .", "returns the value of the node as a string , or the value if the node is undefined .", "returns the value of the node as a string , or the specified undefined value if the node is default ."]
["edits existing notification schema .", "edits existing save schema .", "edits existing save notification .", "edits existing schema .", "edits existing save ."]
["sets content type of http atts .", "sets content type of http request .", "sets content type of atts request .", "sets content type of http request .", "sets content type of request ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of one option .", "creates a for - comprehension of one iterable option .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterable .", "creates a for - comprehension of one iterable .", "creates a for - comprehension of one option iterable ."]
["checks if the page matching page needs to be fetched .", "checks if the page page needs to be fetched .", "checks if matching page needs to be fetched .", "checks if the page or matching page needs to be fetched .", "checks if the page / matching page needs to be fetched ."]
["removes the range between start from the given exception handlers .", "returns the range between start and end from the given exception handlers .", "removes the range between start .", "removes the range from the given exception handlers .", "removes the range between start and end from the given exception handlers ."]
["this can be used to change any field , for example to set the hour - of - day .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the offset - of - day .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the time - of - day .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the temporal - of - day .", "the can be used to change any field , for example to set the hour - of - day ."]
["the option is a :", "the option is the :", "the cxf is a :", "the configurer is a :", "the option is :"]
["delegates to the handler ' s to string ( ) .", "delegates to the handler ' s to string .", "delegates to the handler string ( ) .", "delegates to the handler to string ( ) .", "delegates to the handler ' to string ( ) ."]
["timed invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "timed invoke all returns empty collection", "timed invoke all ( ) returns collection", "timed invoke all collection ) returns empty collection", "timed invoke all ( empty list ) returns empty list"]
["this method always returns false if this method has no accelerator .", "this method always returns false if this method has no key .", "this method always returns false if this method has no accelerators .", "this method always returns false if this method has no .", "this method returns false if this method has no accelerator ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a number that encodes how % type % of the arrangement are aligned horizontally .", "returns a number that encodes how contents of the arrangement are aligned horizontally .", "returns a number that encodes how contents of the % type % are aligned horizontally .", "returns a number that % type % how contents of the arrangement are aligned horizontally .", "returns a number that % how contents of the arrangement are aligned horizontally ."]
["gets the fixed of the ' ts ' field .", "gets the betrag of the ' ts ' field .", "gets the value of the ' fixed ' field .", "gets the value of the ' dec ' field .", "gets the value of the ' ts ' fixed ."]
["returns the specified message in the current locale .", "gets the specified message in the current id .", "gets the specified message .", "returns the id .", "returns the data ."]
["find the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "returns the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "finds the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "sets the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "set the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list ."]
["releases a netty client to the client pools .", "releases a block worker client to the channel pools .", "releases a netty channel to the channel client .", "releases a client channel to the channel pools .", "releases a block to the channel pools ."]
["sets the sas ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the ip sas range which determines the ip sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the sas ip range which determines the sas ip ranges that are allowed to the sas the sas .", "sets the the sas range which determines the the sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets ip range which determines the the sas ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas ."]
["these deps have already been marked ( see skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that legacy package loading can ' t handle gracefully .", "deps have already been marked ( see skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that legacy package loading can ' t handle gracefully .", "these deps have already been marked ( see skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that package loading can ' t handle gracefully .", "the deps have already been marked ( see skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that legacy package loading can ' t handle gracefully .", "skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that legacy package loading can ' t handle gracefully ."]
["a map from names which could be passed to data model # clazz to types of allowable nested objects .", "a map from names which could be passed to model # clazz to types of allowable nested objects .", "a map from names which could be passed to data model # data to types of allowable nested objects .", "a map from names which could be passed to data # clazz to types of allowable nested objects .", "a map from names which could be passed data describable model # clazz to types of allowable nested objects ."]
["initialized from command # synopsis subcommand label ( ) , \" [ commands ] \" by default .", "initialized from command # synopsis subcommand ( ) , \" [ commands ] \" by default .", "initialized from command # subcommand label subcommands ( ) , \" [ commands ] \" by default .", "initialized from command # subcommand subcommands ( ) , \" [ commands ] \" by default .", "initialized from command # synopsis ( ) , \" [ commands ] \" by default ."]
["sets the return messaging address .", "sets the messaging return address .", "sets the return address .", "sets the address .", "sets the address return address ."]
["request sync for google accounts ( not include g + accounts ) in filter .", "request sync for google accounts accounts ) in filter .", "request sync for google accounts ) in filter .", "request sync for google accounts in filter .", "request sync for account accounts ( not include g + accounts ) in filter ."]
["creates query for the given string .", "creates query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given search string .", "returns query for the given search string .", "query query for the given search string ."]
["create client response filtering stage using the instance locator .", "create client response filtering stage using the instance .", "create client response filtering stage using the instance manager .", "create client response filtering stage .", "create client response filtering stage using the service locator ."]
["returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and possibly empty ) set of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given set of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and empty ) set of modifiers ."]
["generate an angle in the cb cr plane from the input string .", "generate a in the cb cr plane from the input string .", "generate an angle in the cb cr plane from the input char sequence .", "generate a char sequence in the cb cr plane from the input string .", "generate a char in the cb cr plane from the input string ."]
["sets time interval runs .", "sets interval between vacuum runs .", "sets time interval between vacuum runs .", "sets time between vacuum runs .", "sets time interval ."]
["tests network buffer pool # request memory segments ( int ) , verifying it may be aborted and remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted .", "tests network buffer pool # request memory segments ( ) , verifying it may be aborted and remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted .", "tests network buffer pool # request memory segments , verifying it may be aborted and remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted .", "tests network buffer pool # request memory segments ( 1 ) , verifying it may be aborted and remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted .", "tests network buffer pool # request memory segments ( ) , verifying it may be aborted remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted ."]
["this sets up a pooling data source wrapper .", "this sets up a pooling data source .", "this sets up a data source .", "this sets up a source .", "this sets up a pooling source wrapper source ."]
["sets the connection state listener manager factory .", "sets the connection state manager listener decorator .", "sets the connection listener manager listener decorator .", "sets the connection state listener .", "sets the state manager state listener decorator ."]
["checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp buf payload is keyframe or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is buf or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal buf from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not"]
["this method behaves like create serializable object from new class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) .", "this method behaves like create object from new serializable class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) .", "this method behaves like create object from create serializable class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) .", "this method behaves like new serializable object from new class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) .", "this method behaves like create object from new class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) ."]
["once the prepare is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused .", "prepare the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused ."]
["returns the spawn action context that should be used to execute the given spawn .", "returns the spawn action contexts that should be used to execute the given spawn .", "returns the spawn contexts context that should be used to execute the given spawn .", "returns the action context that should be used to execute the given .", "returns the contexts action context that should be used to execute the given contexts ."]
["value string .", "jsonify string .", "object string .", "json string .", "to json string ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["execute given sql @ sql scripts .", "execute given @ scripts .", "execute given sql scripts .", "execute given sql scripts .", "execute sql @ sql scripts ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # extends _ extends ."]
["set the description .", "add the description .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the description ."]
["this test uses some api hidden by the jdk9 module system .", "this test uses some api hidden by the jdk9 module .", "some api hidden by the jdk9 module system .", "this test uses some api hidden by the exports module system .", "this test uses some api hidden by the jdk9 exports system ."]
["the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside an literal .", "inside a string literal ."]
["deletes the course from the datastore .", "permanently deletes the course .", "create deletes the course from the datastore .", "permanently delete the course from the datastore .", "delete deletes the course from the datastore ."]
["returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample sample std dev of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample sample std of the values within a point set region of a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a point set region of a sample .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample sample of the values within a point set region of a dataset ."]
["as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached , thereby avoiding repeated lookups in the bean factory .", "as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached , avoiding repeated lookups in the bean factory .", "as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached avoiding repeated lookups in the bean factory .", "as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached , avoiding repeated lookups in the bean factory .", "as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached lookups in the bean factory ."]
["if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to export package pn to the given module .", "if the caller ' is this module then update this module to export package pn to the given module .", "if the caller ' s or opens module is this module then update this module to export package pn to the given module .", "if the caller ' s module or opens is this module then update this module to export package pn to the given module .", "if the caller ' is this module then update this module to export package pn to the module ."]
["returns the categories assigned to the content ' s vfs resource .", "returns the read categories assigned to the content ' s vfs resource .", "returns the categories assigned to the read ' s vfs resource .", "returns the categories assigned to the content ' s read resource .", "returns the read assigned to the content ' s vfs resource ."]
["checks if the given sequence number was marked as processed in this tracker .", "checks if the given sequence number was processed as completed in this tracker .", "checks if the given processed number was marked as completed in this tracker .", "checks if the given sequence number was marked as has in this tracker .", "checks if the given sequence number was marked as completed in the tracker ."]
["default : false", "false : true", "default : false false", "default false true", "default : query"]
["returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid class name identifier .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a java class name ."]
["return a connectable that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a hot stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a connectable stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return an connectable stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects ."]
["get a new reference for to currently running request scope request context .", "get a new reference for to currently running request scope request .", "get a new reference for to currently running request scope instance .", "get a new reference for to currently running request scope .", "get a new reference for to currently running request request instance ."]
["return the logger instance that will be used for logging .", "returns the logger instance that will be used for logging .", "return the logger that will be used for logging .", "return a logger instance that will be used for logging .", "return the logger record that will be used for logging ."]
["list all $ model _ type records .", "list $ model _ type records .", "list the $ model _ type records .", "page all $ model _ type records .", "list all $ model _ page records ."]
["returns the complete size of the tree , including all expanded subtrees .", "returns the complete size of the tree .", "returns the size of the tree , including all expanded subtrees .", "returns the complete size of the tree , including all expanded subtrees .", "returns the tree , including all expanded subtrees ."]
["the import key key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the vault key key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields vault key key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its key vault key key import options # get name ( ) name and"]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["inserts the list of config values note : overrides the existing list", "set the list of config values note : overrides the existing list", "sets the list of config values note : overrides the existing list", "returns the list of config values note : overrides the existing list", "inserts the list of config values note : overrides the existing . list"]
["builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and a indicator .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["remove the entity key with the specified id and type from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue .", "remove the type key with the specified id and persister from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue .", "remove the entity key with the specified id and descriptor from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue .", "remove the descriptor key with the specified id and persister from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue .", "remove the entity key with the specified id and persister from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue ."]
["finds all annotations recusively for a class and its superclasses .", "finds all annotations recusively for a class .", "finds all recusively for a class and its superclasses .", "finds all annotation recusively for a class and its superclasses .", "finds all class recusively for a class and its superclasses ."]
["returns a file path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given file .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a file to access to the given resource ."]
["note that both this , and polarity # introduces ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # introduces negated ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # is negated ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # introduces negation ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # negates truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false ."]
["however , sensitive to the value possibly being a result wrapper , in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done .", "sensitive to the value possibly being a result wrapper , in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done .", ", sensitive to the value possibly being a result wrapper , in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done .", "however , sensitive to the value being a result wrapper in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done .", "to the value possibly being a result wrapper , in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done ."]
["gets the api synchronously .", "gets the api .", "gets the synchronously .", "gets the api api synchronously .", "gets the api synchronously ."]
["only 10 = high priority , 2 = medium and 3 = low are allowed .", "only 1 = high priority , 2 = medium and 10 = low are allowed .", "only 1 = 10 priority , 2 = medium and 3 = low are allowed .", "only 1 = high 10 , 2 = medium and 3 = low are allowed .", "only 1 = high priority , 10 = medium and 3 = low are allowed ."]
["sets the generator id length .", "sets the connection generator length .", "sets the connection id generator .", "sets the id length .", "sets the connection id ."]
["if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .", "todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .", "todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available", "todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available e .", "todo : if an involved region is not available , i . e ."]
["adds an actor as a child of this group , immediately before another child actor .", "adds a as a child of this group , immediately before another child actor .", "adds an actor as a child of this group .", "adds an actor as a child of this group , actor before another child actor .", "adds an actor as a child of this group , parent before another child actor ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connect fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server reconnect fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , connect state listener , connect connection fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server fail reconnect filter ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server fail reconnect filter ) with only one listener ."]
["finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of factory which have registered using the services mechanism and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of store factory which have registered using the services and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism .", "finds all implemtaions of factories factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath ."]
["fails silently if no such account .", "fails if no such account .", "fails silently if the such account .", "fails silently if no such account cascade .", "fails silently if a such account ."]
["provides transitive dependency artifacts only defined types based on types argument or all types if types argument is empty", "provides transitive artifacts only defined types based on types argument or all types if types argument is empty", "provides transitive dependency artifacts only defined types based argument or all types types argument is empty", "provides transitive dependency artifacts only defined types based argument or all types if types argument is empty", "provides transitive dependency artifacts only defined types based on types argument"]
["returns the iso code , except when the alias \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code , except when the locale \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code is used .", "returns the iso code , except when the alias \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code \" is ."]
["returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute , according to jar file specification .", "returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute , according to", "returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute .", "returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute , according to file file specification .", "returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute , according to specification"]
["applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the temporal passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjust passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the into passing this as the argument ."]
["if no jstype value is associated , returns unknown .", "if no jstype value is associated , returns type .", "if no jstype value is associated .", "if no jstype value is associated , returns _ type .", "if no jstype value is associated , returns key _ type ."]
["returns the attr [ ] s to be output for the given element .", "returns the output [ ] s to be output for the given element .", "output the attr [ ] s to be output for the given element .", "returns the s to be output for the given element .", "returns the attr [ ] s to be output for the given element ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given rotate to this matrix ."]
["extracts the underlying quotes from the rates curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the rates inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the inputs instances and returns them in a map .", "extracts the underlying quotes from the rates instances and returns them in a map ."]
["redshift returns all hsm connections that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "connections that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all hsm connections that match any combination of the specified keys and values ."]
["get prepayment .", "get warehouse .", "get prepayment .", "get rechnung .", "get untergruppe ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["unsubscribe from all unsubscribe and unsubscribe groups .", "unsubscribe from all channel .", "unsubscribe from all null and null groups .", "unsubscribe from all unsubscribe .", "unsubscribe from all unsubscribe groups ."]
["an array containing any patterns for the entity value .", "an array any patterns for .", "a containing any patterns for the entity value .", "an array containing the patterns for the entity value .", "any patterns for the entity value ."]
["test to make sure can successfully unmarshall a collection .", "test to make can successfully unmarshall a collection .", "test to make sure can unmarshall a collection .", "test to make sure can successfully unmarshall collection .", "test to make sure can successfully unmarshall a unmarshall ."]
["whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter .", "whether it gives you labeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the", "whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the %UNK%"]
["returns a function with the specified name and number of arguments .", "returns a function with the specified name .", "returns a function with the specified name of arguments .", "returns a function with the specified expr and number of arguments .", "gets a function with the specified name and number of arguments ."]
["configure binders in the injection manager and enable jax - rs features .", "configure binders in the instance injection and enable jax - rs features .", "configure binders in the manager and enable jax - rs features .", "configure binders in the instance and enable jax - rs features .", "configure binders in the injection and enable jax - rs features ."]
["generate the given file .", "compiles the given generate .", "compiles the generate file .", "compiles a file .", "compiles the given file ."]
["report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this staff .", "report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this staff .", "report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this expanding .", "report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this short .", "report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["gets the amount of outer iterations of sgd algorithm .", "gets the get amount of outer iterations of sgd algorithm .", "returns the amount of outer iterations of sgd algorithm .", "gets the amount of iterations of sgd algorithm .", "gets amount of outer iterations of sgd algorithm ."]
["determines whether the given user can read the entity currently granted to the given target user .", "determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target user .", "determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target user .", "determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target permissions .", "determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target entity ."]
["tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it .", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it ."]
["returns the discovery configuration .", "returns the provider configuration .", "returns the discovery provider configuration .", "returns the node configuration .", "returns the location provider configuration ."]
["this indicator says if - - entity parameter is visible .", "this indicator says if - entity parameter is visible .", "this indicator says if - - parameter is visible .", "this indicator entity if - - interface parameter is visible .", "this indicator says if interface parameter is visible ."]
["sets the session timeout .", "sets the minimum timeout .", "sets the minimum session timeout .", "sets this session timeout .", "sets the %UNK% session timeout ."]
["ensures the host being built will reflect the specified host address as its originating address .", "ensures the subject being built will reflect the specified host address as its originating address .", "ensures the being built will reflect the specified host host as its originating address .", "host the subject being built will reflect the specified host address as its originating address .", "ensures the subject being built will reflect the specified host address as its host address ."]
["show creator address .", "show creator email name .", "show creator name address .", "show name email address .", "show creator email address ."]
["accordingly , it should not get the rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument .", "it should not get the rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument .", ", it should not get the rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument .", "rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument .", "dependency , it should not get the rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument ."]
["delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , status http response , http status ) with the response status code .", "delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , client http response ) with the response status code .", "delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , response http response , http status ) with the response status code .", "delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , http http response , http status ) with the response status code .", "delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , client http response , http status ) with the http status code ."]
["standard setter for the leftwardlabel value in this relationship", "setter for the leftwardlabel string in this relationship", "standard for the leftwardlabel string in this relationship", "standard setter for the leftwardlabel in this relationship", "standard setter for the string in this relationship"]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond quaterniondc ) ."]
["gets the banner url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the banner url of the guild .", "gets the banner url of the guild present and in .", "returns the banner url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the banner url of the guild , if present ."]
["sets the upgrade that the services in the upgrade are current on .", "sets the services in the upgrade are current on .", "in the upgrade get .", "the services in the upgrade are get .", "in the upgrade upgrade to ."]
["setter for the training parameters of the feature selector .", "setter for the training parameters of the feature selector list .", "setter for the training parameters of the feature parameters list .", "setter for the training parameters list of the feature selector .", "setter training parameters of the ."]
["collects properties name and values into map if they are present in the given config , returns empty map otherwise .", "collects properties name into map if they are present in the given config , returns empty map otherwise .", "collects properties name values into map if they are present in the given config , .", "collects properties name values into map if they are present in the given config , empty map otherwise .", "collects properties name and values into map if they are present in the given config ."]
["gets the schemas schema", "gets the object schema", "gets the schema schema", "gets the object schemas", "gets the schemas"]
["appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf flags buf .", "appends a string representation of the given buf flags modifiers to # buf buf .", "appends a string representation of the given modifiers to # buf buf flags buf .", "appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # string buf buf .", "appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf buf flags ."]
["creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes , edges , and edge values .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes , edges .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes , and edge values .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes , edges", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same edges , and edge values ."]
["this is important to understand the changing nature of the", "this is important to understand changing nature of", "this is important to understand nature of the", "this is important to understand a changing nature of a", "the is important to understand the changing nature of the"]
["tests if this char sequence ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if the string ends with any specified suffixes ."]
["reverts method # unpad leading zero ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad leading ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad leading zero complement ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # zero leading zero ( byte [ ] ) ."]
["helper for # remove ( long ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # remove that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # ( long ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # returns ( long ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # copy ( long ) that copies all items into a tree seq ."]
["get the of cross reference for given file containing the current revision .", "get the revision of cross reference for given file containing the current revision .", "get the location of reference for given file containing the current revision .", "get the location of cross reference for given file .", "gets the location of cross reference for given file containing the current revision ."]
["the timestamp creation of .", "the timestamp for creation of the example .", "the created for creation of the example .", "the timestamp for creation example .", "the timestamp ."]
["returns coverage of branches .", "returns of branches of this instruction .", "returns covered of branches of this instruction .", "returns cardinality of branches of this instruction .", "returns int of branches of this instruction ."]
["create a new word , where the label is formed from the passed in .", "create a new word , where the label is label from the passed in .", "returns a new word , where the label is formed from the passed in .", "create a new word , where the label is formed from the passed in .", "creates a new word , where the label is formed from the passed in ."]
["always returns null .", "always returns empty .", "always returns target .", "returns null .", "target returns null ."]
["sets the as a predecessor of this instruction .", "sets the given instruction as a predecessor of .", "sets the given instruction .", "sets the given instruction .", "sets the given instruction as the predecessor of this instruction ."]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api retired ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api ' event .", "creates an api entry for the ' service retired ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api ' event .", "creates audit entry for the ' a api retired ' event ."]
["creates new iso day of week in the utc timezone .", "creates new iso day of week in the timezone .", "creates utc in iso day of week in the utc timezone .", "creates new specified week in the utc timezone .", "creates new day of week in the utc specified ."]
["if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ build . output directory .", "if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ . build . output directory .", "if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ path . build . output directory .", "if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ project . build . output directory .", "if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ maven . build . output directory ."]
["returns a adapter adapter for type .", "returns an adapter for type .", "returns an adapter adapter for type .", "returns a adapter for type .", "returns an type adapter for type ."]
["execute an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action listener .", "action type an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action listener .", "execute an action type locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action type listener .", "execute an action type locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action type listener .", "execute an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action listener type ."]
["if start index < this . series begin index the new base time series will start with the first available bar of this time series .", "if start index new base this . series begin index the new time series will start with the first available bar of this time series .", "if start index available base this . series begin index the new time series will start with the first available bar of this time series .", "if start index < base this . series begin index the new time series will start with the first available bar of this time series .", "if start index # base this . series begin index the new time series will start with the first available bar of this time series ."]
["if only public , module , package , and private access are allowed , the suffix is \" / private \" .", "if only module , package , and private access are allowed , the suffix is \" / private \" .", "if public , module , package , and private access are allowed , the suffix is \" / private \" .", "if only , module , package , and private access are allowed , the suffix is \" / private \" .", "if only public , module , and private access are allowed , the suffix is \" / private \" ."]
["to match the node n the supplier must supply a label schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d ."]
["gets the classpath component containing the given class .", "gets the classpath component .", "gets the class component containing the given class .", "gets the component containing the given class .", "gets the url component containing the given class ."]
["if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "todo : if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "a region is involved , all", "todo : if an is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "a region is involved , all are involved"]
["computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .", "computes the weighted matrix of the given data set .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given matrix set .", "computes the weighted covariance data of the given data set ."]
["this will set an equal offset for all sides", "this will set an equal offset for all difference", "this will set an difference offset for all sides", "this will set an equal offset for all sides .", "this will set a equal offset for all sides"]
["group : consumer", "group : collect", "group : %UNK%", "collect : consumer", "%UNK% : consumer"]
["gets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field .", "gets the value of the ' filter ' field .", "gets the value of the ' bloom filter .", "gets the value of the ' bloom ' field .", "gets the value of bloom filter ' field ."]
["this method is just a wrapper around tree utils # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality .", "this method is just a wrapper around utils # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality .", "this method is just a wrapper around tree # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality .", "this method is just a wrapper around internal utils # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality .", "this method is just a wrapper around ratpack # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality ."]
["add behavior triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream successfully or with an error .", "add behavior triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream or with an error .", "add behavior triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream successfully .", "add runnable triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream successfully or with an error .", "add behavior triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream successfully ."]
["invalidates a session .", "invalidates an session .", "invalidates session .", "invalidates the session .", "invalidates a ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified fixed name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance from the specified fixed .", "obtains an instance ."]
["getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer", "suggestions in the amazon cloud developer guide .", "search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["build one char array matcher matching any term the query might match .", "build one char array matching any term the query might match .", "build one char array matcher any term the query might match .", "build one char array any term the query might match .", "build character char array matching any term the query might match ."]
["so if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations ."]
["creates an exception from an api id .", "creates an exception from a api id .", "creates an exception from an api id .", "creates an exception from an api id .", "creates an exception from an id ."]
["resolves installed library dependencies", "resolves installed dependencies", "resolves installed library %UNK%", "resolves installed library dependencies .", "resolves installed library dependencies and %UNK%"]
["go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue the timer events for the expired events .", "go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue for the expired events .", "go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue .", "go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue events .", "go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue events for the expired events ."]
["get the log lines that contain the unique string .", "get the log lines that contain the unique string decorator string .", "get the log lines that contain the unique decorator .", "get the log lines that contain the unique string .", "get the log log that contain the unique string decorator string ."]
["the what supplies the message that describes the member .", "supplies the message that describes the member .", "the supplies the message that describes the member .", "the what message that the member .", "the what message that describes the member ."]
["returns the name of the table to copy data from in case of an complex update .", "returns the table of the table to copy data from in case of an complex update .", "returns the name of the table to new data from in case of an complex update .", "returns the name of the table to copy data from in case of a new table update .", "returns the name of the table to new table data from in case of an complex update ."]
["the context associated with a closure instance .", "the context associated with a instance .", "the object associated with a closure instance .", "a context associated with a closure instance .", "the context associated with the closure instance ."]
["assigns the specified type .", "assigns the specified type and result size .", "assigns the specified type size .", "assigns the specified o and result size .", "assigns a type and result size ."]
["the method call will block ( not return ) until a stanza is available or the timeout has elapsed .", "the method call will block until a stanza is available or the timeout has elapsed .", "until a stanza is available or the timeout has elapsed .", "the method call will block ( not return ) until a stanza is available .", "call will block ( not return ) until a stanza is available or the timeout has elapsed ."]
["tests the specifying heap memory with job manager config default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with tm default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with job default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with job manager default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the with job manager heap memory with config default value for job manager and task manager ."]
["nguyen - widrow randomizer with a range between and 1 .", "nguyen - widrow randomizer with a range between - 1 .", "nguyen - widrow randomizer with a range between 1 .", "nguyen - widrow randomizer with a range between .", "nguyen - widrow randomizer with range between - 1 and 1 ."]
["cancel events are never .", "cancel are never emitted .", "cancel events are never event .", "see cancel events are never emitted .", "cancel events are never delete ."]
["trailing empty strings are therefore not included .", "trailing empty strings are therefore not included in the resulting char .", "trailing empty strings are therefore not included in the resulting .", "trailing empty strings are therefore included in the resulting array .", "trailing strings are therefore not included in the resulting array ."]
["unwraps a given connection provider", "unwraps a given connection provider if", "unwraps a given connection provider if connection", "unwraps a given connection provider if necessary", "unwraps a given connection provider if necessary ."]
["gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , checking nbt or not .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in checking nbt or .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed .", "gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in ."]
["server builder . service ( http service with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services .", "service ( service with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services .", "server builder . service ( http with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services .", "http builder . service ( service with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services .", "http . service ( service with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services ."]
["the default implementation delegates to # process ( core event ) and will :", "the default implementation delegates to # process ( event ) and will :", "the default implementation delegates to # process ( publisher event ) and will :", "the default implementation delegates to # process ( core event )", "the default implementation delegates to # process ( core event ) and will :"]
["the ec key ec create key options parameter is required .", "the ec key ec vault key options parameter is required .", "the ec key vault key create options parameter is required .", "the key vault key key create options parameter is required .", "the ec options vault key create options parameter is required ."]
["this is currently accomplished by calling map make map ( ) .", "this is currently accomplished by concurrent map maker # make map ( ) .", "this is currently accomplished by calling map # make map ( ) .", "this is currently accomplished by calling make map ( ) .", "this is currently accomplished by calling concurrent hash map # make map ( ) ."]
["for order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for selection order - by column , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for column order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for selection order - by queries - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of archives , such as you might create in amazon", "you can also use the optional archive description to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of archives , such as you might create in amazon", "description field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index archives , such as you might create in amazon", "you can also use the archive description field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of archives , such as you might create in amazon", "you can also use the optional archive field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of archives , such as you might create in amazon"]
["create a time pair inter object from its two halves .", "create added a time pair inter object from its two halves .", "create a time pair inter added object from its two halves .", "create a time inter added inter object from its two halves .", "create a added time pair inter object from its two halves ."]
["builds an intent for starting all pause .", "builds an intent for pause all downloads .", "builds an intent for starting all downloads .", "builds an intent .", "builds intent for starting all a pause ."]
["the poller flux poller flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller poller flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the allows flux allows flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller allows flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status ."]
["shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string , system )", "shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string , boolean )", "shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string , found )", "shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string )", "shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string , native )"]
["configure a sp el expression to evaluate a command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure evaluate a command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "set a sp el expression to evaluate a command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "evaluate a command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure rsocket request type at runtime against a request message ."]
["calls plugin # before setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # will before setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the pn ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the caller module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module ."]
["initializes the map with the default configuration for the command - line tool .", "initializes the config with the default configuration for the command - line tool .", "initializes the properties with the default configuration for the command - line tool .", "initializes the properties with the map configuration for the command - line tool .", "initializes map with the default configuration for the command - line tool ."]
["set the used in ms this object was last used .", "set the millis in ms this object was last used .", "set the last in ms this object was last used .", "set the last used in ms this object was last used .", "set the time in ms this object was last used ."]
["calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a offer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a offer is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and the null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null offer exception is signalled to the subscribers ."]
["gets the current data provider from this data communicator .", "gets the current data from this data communicator .", "gets the current data provider from this data communicator .", "gets the current provider source from this provider communicator .", "gets the current data provider from this data communicator ."]
["update a hasher with the content of a context .", "update a hasher hasher with the content of a context .", "update a digest with the content of a context .", "update a hasher utils with the content of a context .", "update a with the content of a context ."]
["for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as legacy", "for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as region", "for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as unsupported", "for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as %UNK%", "for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as legacy"]
["returns an rx java observable that monitors changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx java observable that observable changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx java observable that changeset changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx java observable that realm changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx java observable that object changes to this realm object ."]
["returns the split brain protection name for lock operations .", "returns the split name for lock operations .", "returns the split brain name for lock operations .", "returns the name for lock operations .", "returns the brain brain protection name for lock operations ."]
["returns the o auth consumer with the primary key or throws a no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth consumer with the primary key liferay . opensocial . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth consumer with the primary key or throws a opensocial no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth consumer with the primary key or throws a opensocial . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth consumer with the primary key or throws a . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found ."]
["top rather than the default top to bottom .", "the children will be ordered from bottom to top rather than the top to bottom .", "bottom to top rather than the default top to bottom .", "the children will be ordered from bottom to top than the default top to bottom .", "the children will be ordered from bottom to top rather than the bottom ."]
["tokenizes the specified input .", "tokenizes the specified input distinct tokens .", "tokenizes the specified input and returns distinct tokens .", "tokenizes the specified and returns distinct tokens .", "tokenizes the specified tokens and returns distinct tokens ."]
["adds the given item stack to the player ' s inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted", "adds the given item stack to the player inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted", "adds the given item stack to the player ' s . inventory inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted", "adds the given item stack to the inventory . inventory ' s inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted", "adds the given item stack to the player ' s . inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted"]
["rollback updates not committed in the session", "updates not committed in the session", "clear updates not committed in the session", "clear updates not committed in the rollback", "rollback not committed in the session"]
["use # make population matrix ( ) if you want to perform further updates .", "use # make naive population ( ) if you want to perform further updates .", "use # make matrix ( ) if you want to perform further updates .", "use # make naive ( ) if you want to perform further updates .", "use # make population ( ) if you want to perform further updates ."]
["if no cache is configured or there is an error while querying the cache , false is returned none the less .", "if no cache is configured or there is an error while querying the cache the less .", "if no cache is configured there is an error while querying the cache , the less .", "if no cache is configured or there is a while querying the cache , false is returned none the less .", "if no cache is configured or there is an error while querying the cache ."]
["create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain the callable statement from the pool ."]
["gets the additional portfolio information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional portfolio item information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional item information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "gets the additional information , defaulted to an empty instance ."]
["the key create options vault key # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create create key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create vault key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create options options key # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create options vault # get expires ( ) expires and"]
["rs pretty json can conform to equals and hash code contract .", "rs pretty json can conform to equals .", "rs pretty json can conform to and hash code contract .", "pretty json can conform to equals and hash code contract .", "rs pretty json can conform to test and hash code contract ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["perform an answer merge without explanation nb : assumes answers are compatible ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )", "perform explanation nb : assumes answers are compatible ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )", "perform an answer merge : assumes answers ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )", "perform a merge without explanation nb : assumes answers are compatible ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )", "perform an answer merge without explanation nb ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["checks if the given user exists in the current tenant", "checks if the given users in the current tenant", "checks if the given roles in the current tenant", "checks if the given user exists .", "checks if the given users roles in the current tenant"]
["should subscriptions be considered part of a even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "should subscriptions be considered part of a group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "should subscriptions be considered part of a receiver group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a receiver unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .", "should subscriptions be considered part of a attribute even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage ."]
["set the value of url used to locate the database for this datasource .", "sets the value of url used to locate the database for this datasource .", "set url used to locate the database for this datasource .", "returns the value of url used to locate the database for this datasource .", "set the value used to locate the database for this datasource ."]
["tests the functionality of copy to .", "tests the functionality of copy of array .", "tests the functionality of copy to array .", "tests the functionality of array to .", "tests the functionality of copy array ."]
["send a list of update to downstream kafka topic", "send a list of update to downstream kafka topic .", "send an list of update to downstream kafka topic", "send the list of update to downstream kafka topic", "send a list of returns to downstream kafka topic"]
["| lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "| pattern bind consequence invocation ? )", "| lhs pattern bind invocation ? )", "| consequence invocation ? )"]
["see instance selector # select ( index )", "see instance selector # select", "see instance selector # select ( index slot )", "see instance selector # select ( )", "see instance selector # index ( int )"]
["one or more of the custom model ' s audio resources is invalid .", "one or more of the custom model is invalid .", "more of the custom model ' s audio resources is invalid .", "one of the custom model ' s audio resources is invalid .", "one of the custom model ' s ."]
["dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect , or is on the wrong network", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect", "server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect , or is on the wrong network", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if request ip is incorrect , or is on the wrong network"]
["this will trigger the creation of the player , the listener registration , the start of the action schedule , and the preparation of the player with the provided media source .", "this will trigger the creation of the player , the start registration , the start of the action schedule , and the preparation of the player with the provided media source .", "this will trigger the creation of the player , the listener start , the start of the action schedule , and the preparation of the player with the provided media source .", "this will trigger the creation of the player , the listener registration , the start of the action schedule player with the provided media source .", "this will trigger the creation of the player listener registration , the start of the action schedule , and the of the player with the provided media source ."]
["like # fetch ( class ) but updates an existing object instead of creating a new instance .", "like # ( fetch ) but updates an existing object instead of creating a new instance .", "like # to ( fetch ) but updates an existing object instead of creating a new instance .", "like # to ( class ) but updates an existing object instead of creating a new instance .", "like # to ( class ) but fetch an existing object instead of creating a new instance ."]
["the copy doesn ' t have access to a dataset .", "the copy doesn ' t have access to the dataset .", "the copy doesn ' t have access to a dataset .", "the copy doesn ' t have access to a copy .", "access to a dataset ."]
["returns an immutable map containing five mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing five mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing five mappings .", "returns an map containing five mappings .", "returns a map containing five mappings ."]
["adds 25 more results to existing search results", "adds 25 more results to existing search results .", "adds 25 more category to existing search category", "add 25 more results to existing search results", "adds 25 more results to existing category results"]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete configuration setting with response # configuration setting - boolean - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete setting configuration with response # configuration setting - boolean - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete setting with configuration response # configuration setting - boolean - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . with response # configuration setting - boolean - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . with configuration setting with response # configuration setting - boolean - context"]
["returns the name of the type that should be used in context .", "applicable the name of the type that should be used in context .", "finds the name of the type that should be used in context .", "get the name of the applicable that should be used in context .", "gets the name of the type that should be used in context ."]
["gets the type instance for the given id .", "gets the type instance for the given i .", "gets the type instance for the given int .", "gets the type instance .", "gets the type instance for the given i id ."]
["also includes update : output ( ) and fn : put ( ) .", "also includes output ( ) and fn : put ( ) .", "also includes db : update ( ) and fn : put ( ) .", "update includes db : output ( ) and fn : put ( ) .", "includes db : output ( ) and fn : put ( ) ."]
["set the zoned date that this token expires", "set the date", "set this token expires", "sets the date that this token expires", "returns the date that this token expires"]
["adds the specified columns which will not be serialized .", "adds the specified column which will not be columns .", "returns the specified column which will not be serialized .", "adds the columns column which will not be serialized .", "returns the specified columns which will not be serialized ."]
["get branding settings # # # functional description : dracoon branding configuration entry point .", "returns branding settings # # # functional description : dracoon branding configuration entry point .", "get branding settings dracoon branding configuration entry point .", "get branding branding # # # functional description : dracoon branding configuration entry point .", "get branding settings # # # functional branding : dracoon branding configuration entry point ."]
["when no implementation is available , set state has no effect .", "when no implementation is available .", "when no implementation is available , sets state has no effect .", "when no implementation is available , set state has no effect .", "when no implementation is available state has no effect ."]
["reject late events that arrive more than duration after window end after the end of its window .", "reject late events that arrive more than after window end after the end of its window .", "late events that arrive more than millis after window end after the end of its window .", "reject events that arrive more than millis after window end after the end of its window .", "reject duration events that arrive more than millis after window end after the end of its window ."]
["if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned by merge activity task .", "if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned by merge activity .", "if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned", "if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned by merge task .", "if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned by merge activity"]
["if the set configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the set etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the etag doesn ' t match anything if the configuration update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the set configuration doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 ."]
["given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .", "given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , a string , returns a list with the values of the captured in the pattern ."]
["this operation is only useful for long - lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted .", "operation is only useful for long - lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted .", "this operation is only useful for long - lived activities to report liveliness of the and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted .", "this operation is only useful for long - lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted .", "long - lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if cancellation is being attempted ."]
["gets on tier percentages .", "gets on tier .", "gets on percentages percentage .", "gets on tier aliases .", "gets on tier map ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["tests that the acetylation file can get downloaded", "tests that the acetylation file can get downloaded and parsed", "tests that the acetylation file can get downloaded and parsed", "tests that the acetylation file can get file and parsed", "tests that the acetylation file can returns downloaded and parsed"]
["string representation of what sort of file path is .", "string representation of sort of file path is .", "string representation of what sort of path is .", "string representation of what sort of file write is .", "string representation of what sort of file read is ."]
["configure the resource mappings .", "manually configure the resource mappings .", "manually configure the mappings .", "manually configure resource mappings .", "configure the resource ."]
["the default implementation skips and maps around deleted documents , and calls # write ( fields ) .", "the default implementation skips and maps around deleted documents , and calls # write .", "the default implementation skips around deleted documents , and calls # write ( fields ) .", "the default implementation skips and maps around deleted documents , and calls # write ( norms , fields ) .", "the default implementation skips and maps around deleted documents , and calls # write , norms , fields ) ."]
["returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns a transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method ."]
["integers . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . n .", "integers . . n .", "0 . . n ."]
["register a batch reader .", "register a batch size reader .", "register a batch size .", "register a record batch .", "register a record batch size ."]
["the functions can assume their input is never be null nor optional .", "the functions can assume their input is never be nor optional .", "the functions can assume their input is never be null .", "the functions can assume their input is never be null optional .", "the reactive can assume their input is never be null nor optional ."]
["sort the points by asc , y asc .", "sort the points by corners asc , y asc .", "sort the points y asc .", "sort the points by , y asc .", "sort the points by x asc asc ."]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of and modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of bind modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a and of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration ."]
["encodes the form using the standard uri encoding mechanism .", "encodes the form using the standard uri encoding mechanism set .", "encodes the form using the standard uri encoding mechanism", "encodes the form using the standard uri mechanism and the utf - 8 character set .", "encodes the form standard uri encoding mechanism and the ."]
["handshake will be non - null and ioexception will be null in the case of a successful tls connection .", "handshake will be non - null and ioe will be null in the case of a successful tls connection .", "handshake will be non - null and ioe ioe will be null in the case of a successful tls connection .", "handshake will be non - null and ioexception ioe will be null in the case of a successful tls connection .", "handshake will be non - null will be null in the case of a successful tls connection ."]
["create a new data source from a stream of events .", "create a new data source from a object of events .", "create a new stream source from a cursor of events .", "create a new data source from an stream of events .", "create a new data source from a cursor of stream ."]
["generic setter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic setter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic setter for the virtual metadata property of this class", "generic setter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic setter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class"]
["re - initializes this listener container ' s shared connection and its sessions and consumers .", "this listener container ' s shared connection and its sessions and consumers .", "' s shared connection and its sessions and consumers .", "s shared connection and its sessions and consumers .", "re - initializes this listener container ' s shared connection and its sessions ."]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully unexpected", "tests the engine starts up , test 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully"]
["amazon glacier also checks for any missing content ranges when assembling the archive , if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails .", "for any missing content ranges when assembling the archive if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails .", "ranges when assembling the archive , if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails .", "content ranges when assembling the archive if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails .", "checks for any missing content ranges when assembling the archive , if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , use get impure boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects .", "this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , use get boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects .", "this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , use boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects .", "this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , get boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects .", "this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , use boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects ."]
["to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block and", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block and put block list .", "update of a block blob ' s , use put block and put block list .", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , block and put block list .", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , put block and put block list ."]
["sets the addresses resolved by name resolution .", "sets the resolved by name resolution .", "sets the addresses resolved by addresses resolution .", "sets the addresses by name resolution .", "sets the addresses addresses resolved by name resolution ."]
["we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest running spawn runner name across all phases if it exists .", "we will also set the longest phase runner name to the longest running runner name across all phases if it exists .", "we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest spawn runner name across all phases if it exists .", "we will also set the longest phase spawn name to the longest running spawn name across all phases if it exists .", "we will also set the longest phase spawn result name to the longest running spawn result name across all phases if it exists ."]
["get the list of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the list of git visibility web - elements in the editor", "gets the list of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the visibility of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the list of visibility markers web - elements in the editor"]
["set is manual import .", "set manual import .", "set set import .", "set executes is import .", "set set is import ."]
["construct an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( similar to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( jca semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )"]
["execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the test engine with the provided id .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the test engine .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request test engine with the .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the test engine .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request test engine with the ."]
["returns the object with the settings used for calls to list .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to list evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to list evaluation jobs .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to paged audio .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to paged evaluation jobs ."]
["blocks until all processes are stopped .", "blocks until all processes are hard .", "blocks until the processes are stopped .", "blocks all processes are stopped .", "blocks until all processes are stop ."]
["set - up mainmem .", "set - up database .", "set - up down .", "set - up .", "set database ."]
["object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "class chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "value chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "unit chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) ."]
["create a connection creator for short - lived connections .", "create a connection creator for connections .", "create a connection creator for acquire - lived connections .", "create a acquire creator for short - lived connections .", "create a connection creator for short - lived acquire ."]
["creates and returns a new janus graph vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value .", "creates and returns a new vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value .", "creates and returns a new graph graph vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value .", "creates and returns a new janus vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value .", "creates and returns a new titan vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value ."]
["converts an entity to a document", "converts an entity to an document", "converts an entity to an document dbobject", "converts an entity to an document", "converts an entity to document dbobject"]
["returns the title", "returns the title , or null if none is set", "returns the title none is", "returns the title ,", "returns the title is set"]
["returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an http method that falls within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has a method with a status code that falls within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an status method with a status code that falls within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has a with a status code that falls within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an http method falls within this instance ' s specified range ."]
["the total time is calculated using the total count , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario .", "the total total is calculated using the total count , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario .", "the total time is calculated using the total total , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario .", "the total time is total using the total count , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario .", "the total total is calculated using the total count , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario ."]
["note that validation mode will be ignored for child context .", "note that mode type will be ignored for child context .", "note that validation type will be ignored for child mode .", "note that validation type will be ignored for child context .", "note that validation mode will be ignored for mode context ."]
["we check if there is a registered comparator for all the interfaces if clazz", "we check if there is a registered comparator for all the clazz . if clazz", "we check if there is a registered comparator for all the class if clazz", "we check if there is a registered comparator for all the interfaces if clazz .", "we check if there is a registered comparator for all the type if clazz"]
["if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of write _ checkpointing options # fs _ buffer _ size .", "if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of checkpointing options # fs _ buffer _ size .", "if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of write _ _ checkpointing options # fs _ buffer _ size .", "if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of write _ _ _ checkpointing options # fs _ buffer _ size .", "if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of checkpointing options # checkpointing write _ _ buffer _ size ."]
["checks if caching was enabled for .", "checks if caching was enabled .", "checks if caching was enabled for least .", "checks was enabled for at least one document .", "checks ."]
["convenience method to get install file", "convenience method to get custom file", "convenience method to get script install file", "convenience method custom install file", "convenience method to get custom script file"]
["filters the sql commands if necessary .", "filters the sql commands .", "filters the commands if necessary .", "filters a sql commands if necessary .", "filters the commands commands if necessary ."]
["retrn the list of members .", "retrn the list of list for the given class .", "retrn the list members for .", "retrn the list of members for the given class .", "retrn the list of members for the given class ."]
["now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the num of intervals increments by 1 .", "now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the num increments by 1 .", "now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the intervals of intervals increments by 1 .", "now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the num of intervals intervals increments by 1 .", "now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the of of intervals increments by 1 ."]
["updates a module m to export a package to all modules .", "updates a module m to export a package .", "updates a module m to export a package .", "updates a module m to export a package modules .", "updates a module m to export a package ."]
["getter of publication date min .", "getter of publication date .", "getter of publication date min .", "getter of publication date min .", "getter of publication date publication ."]
["tests that is to and from .", "tests that is assignable to and from .", "that is assignable to and from .", "tests that is assignable to and from .", "test that is assignable to and from ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of commits as defined by commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits defined by ."]
["set the number of digits in the fractional part of a size .", "set the number of digits in the fractional part of a default size .", "set the number of default in the fractional part of a size .", "set the number of digits in the fractional part of a default .", "set the number of digits in the fractional part of a format ."]
["check if constraints parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if constraints has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if extended parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .", "check if constraint constraints has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints ."]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules , with service and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of module , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration ."]
["if the prepare is not needed , # play from media id can be directly called without this method .", "if the prefetch is not needed , # play from prepare id can be directly called without this method .", "if the prefetch is not needed , # prepare from media id can be directly called without this method .", "if prepare is not needed , # play from media id can be directly called without this method .", "if a prepare is not needed , # play from media id can be directly called without this method ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details ."]
["returns a result of a broker execution .", "set a result of a broker execution .", "submits a result of a set execution .", "updates a result of a broker execution .", "get a result of a broker execution ."]
["returns a random local port number , greater than min and lower than max .", "returns a local port number , greater than min and lower than max .", "returns a random local port number , greater than min .", "returns a random local port number , greater than min .", "returns a random local port number , greater than min ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["iterate over registered handler method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered method method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered argument method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered resolve method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "operation is eventually consistent .", "this operation is eventually ."]
["after this method is called , no accumulo client will work in the current classloader .", "after this method is called , no accumulo client will work in the current mode .", "after this method is called , no accumulo mode will work in the current classloader .", "after this method is called , no accumulo client will work in the current client .", "after this method is called , the accumulo client will work in the current classloader ."]
["waits during timeout until specified absent does not contain the specified expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element does not contain the specified web expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element does not contain the specified absent text .", "waits during absent until specified element does not contain the specified expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element does not contain the web specified expected text ."]
["choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json", "choosing return type is based on existence of", "choosing return type is based on existence of json", "choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json .", "choosing return type is based on existence of"]
["recursively append path in top down ancestral order .", "append get path in top down ancestral order .", "recursively get append in top down ancestral order .", "get path in top down ancestral order .", "recursively path in top down ancestral order ."]
["simply calls through to the commands representation # accept ( visitor ) method for each", "simply calls through to the representation # accept ( visitor ) method for each", "simply calls through to the accept ( visitor ) method for each", "simply calls through to the transaction representation # commands ( visitor ) method for each", "simply calls through to the transaction commands # accept ( visitor ) method for each"]
["returns true if the given name is a legal type name .", "returns true if the given type is a legal binary name .", "returns true if the given name is a legal binary type .", "returns true if the given name is a legal binary name .", "returns true if the given name is a legal name ."]
["set the zoned date that this token was created", "set the date that this token was created zoned", "set the zoned that this token was created", "set the date that this token was created", "set the date that this token was created time"]
["publish config mapped to the given key under the # get default _ group default group", "publish config mapped to the given key under the default _ group default group", "publish config mapped to the given key under the group default group", "publish config mapped to the given key under the # default group default group", "publish config mapped to the given key under the # _ group group"]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # poller", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # blob", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # begin", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # poller copy", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url"]
["the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples per line .", "separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line ."]
["we need to resend our first message", "we need to resend our first message with our conn", "we need to resend our first message with our conn _ id", "we need to resend our message with our conn id", "we need to resend our first message with our id"]
["returns the background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "returns the component ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "returns the color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "returns the component color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "returns the component background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer ."]
["the value is a double ( ie version ) that needs to be formatted as a percentage with two decimal places precision .", "the value is a double that needs to be formatted as a percentage with two decimal places precision .", "the value is a ( ie version ) that needs to be formatted as a percentage with two decimal places precision .", "the value is a double ( ie version ) that needs to be formatted as a percentage with decimal places precision .", "the value that needs to be formatted as a percentage with two decimal places precision ."]
["during the prepare , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the library , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold prepare focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other prepare play seamlessly ."]
["create insert value .", "create value .", "create the insert value .", "create optimized insert value .", "create a insert value ."]
["signed data is signed it using .", "session data is signed it using .", "signed token data is signed it using .", "token data is signed it using .", "data is signed it using ."]
["gets the volatilities name of the swap for which the data is valid .", "gets the volatilities name for which the data is valid .", "gets the volatilities for which the data is valid .", "gets the swaption name for which the data is valid .", "gets the volatilities of the swap for which the data is valid ."]
["sort cookies with respect to their : those with more specific attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec .", "sort cookies with respect to their path : those with more specific path attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec .", "cookies with respect to their path : those with more specific path attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec .", "sort cookies with respect to their : those with more specific path attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec .", "sort cookies with respect to their : those more specific path attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec ."]
["process double drops & xp gain for mining behaviour .", "process double drops & xp gain for behaviour .", "process double drops & xp gain for mining .", "process double drops & xp gain for behaviour mining .", "process double drops & xp gain for mining ."]
["tests the creation of a sha256 authentication code for the sha256 algorithm .", "tests the sha256 of a message authentication code for the sha256 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha256 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message code for the sha256 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha256 sha256 ."]
["test of local method .", "test of method , of class abitracer .", "test of local method , of class abitracer .", "test , of class abitracer .", "test of local method , of file abitracer ."]
["creates a speculation reason that is part of this group .", "creates a speculation reason that is part of this signature .", "creates a speculation reason that is signature of this group .", "returns a speculation reason that is part of this group .", "creates a speculation reason ."]
["creates a on the heap given a memory and assumes the default _ update _ seed .", "returns a single item sketch on the heap given a memory and assumes the default _ update _ seed .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory _ update _ seed .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory the default _ update _ seed .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory and returns the default _ update _ seed ."]
["sets the query i use to # validate object validate connections .", "sets the query i use to # object connections .", "sets the query i use to # object connections", "sets the query i use to # validation object validation connections .", "sets the query i use to # connections"]
["returns true if field session id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field session is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field session id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field session key is id ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field session key id set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["todo : if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "regions : if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved", "if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions . are involved", "if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved ."]
["if included properties list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored .", "if whitelisted included list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored .", "if properties list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored .", "if included list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored .", "if %UNK% properties list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored ."]
["then , return a to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder .", ", return a to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder .", "return a to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder .", "then , return the to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder .", "then , returns a to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder ."]
["broadcasts string message to all participants over default data channel .", "broadcasts message to all participants over default data channel .", "broadcasts string message .", "broadcasts string message over default data .", "broadcasts string message to the participants over default data channel ."]
["triangulate n views using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )", "triangulate views using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )", "triangulate n using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )", "triangulate n views using the discrete linear transform", "triangulate n views using the discrete linear ( dlt )"]
["assigns the factory .", "assigns the type .", "assigns the actor type .", "assigns the factory type .", "assigns factory type ."]
["returns an immutable map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns an immutable map that is backed by the given .", "returns an map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns a map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .", "returns an immutable map that is backed by the given map ."]
["work - around for bug in java . net . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in uri ( )", "work - around for bug in net . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in . . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in . uri ( )"]
["get group by .", "get group .", "gets group by .", "get a group by .", "returns group by ."]
["returns a new reference to the function with the given name and arity .", "returns a new call to the function with the given name and arity .", "returns a new reference to the function with the given name .", "returns a new reference to the call with the given name and arity .", "returns a new reference to the function with the given call and arity ."]
["returns the clazz corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the string corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the builder corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given type ."]
["sets a custom legend ' s entries and colors arrays .", "sets a custom legend ' s labels arrays .", "sets a custom legend ' s list and colors arrays .", "sets a custom legend ' s legend and colors arrays .", "sets a custom legend ' s entries arrays ."]
["this includes not just the resources defined in this module , but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) .", ", but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) .", "this includes just the resources defined in this module , but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) .", "this includes not the resources defined in this module , but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) .", "but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) ."]
["returns all continuous that are still not completed .", "returns all continuous tasks that are still not completed .", "returns an continuous tasks that are still not completed .", "returns all tasks that are still not completed .", "returns a continuous tasks that are still not completed ."]
["integers 0 . . . n .", "integers 0 n", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . concurrent .", "concurrent 0 . . . n ."]
["ie system , task , partitions", "system , hosts , partitions", "ie , hosts , partitions", "hosts , partitions", "system hosts , partitions"]
["gets the text .", "gets the example text .", "gets the sets text .", "gets the text text .", "returns the example text ."]
["see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ( string , int ) .", "see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ( , int", "see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ( string ,", "see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ( string , )", "see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ("]
["returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered by r type .", "returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered .", "returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered by node type .", "returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered by type .", "returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered by class type ."]
["run all tests with given runner .", "runner all tests with given executor .", "run all runner with given executor .", "run all tests with runner executor .", "run all tests with given runner ."]
["returns the members of this weighted group .", "returns the members of this profile group .", "returns the members of this action group .", "returns the members of this weighted .", "returns the members group ."]
["when accessing , level value increments by 1 .", "when accessing right value increments by 1 .", "when accessing level value increments by 1 .", "when accessing col , level value increments by 1 .", "when accessing right , col value increments by 1 ."]
["accumulate lefts into a lazy seq ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate lefts into a lazy seq concat ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate lefts into a lazy seq x ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate lefts into a lazy ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function", "accumulate lefts into a linked list ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function"]
["getter parameter value for bank account", "getter parameter value for bank account from", "getter parameter value for bank account id", "getter parameter value for bank from id", "getter parameter value for bank account from id"]
["note that a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that a isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that the mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .", "note that an mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer ."]
["registers a custom property comparator for a given custom type .", "registers a custom property comparator .", "registers an property comparator for a given custom type .", "registers a custom property or comparator comparator for a given custom type .", "registers an custom property comparator for a given custom type ."]
["for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect .", "for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect all margins .", "for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect margins .", "for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect margins .", "for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect all margins ."]
["adds the given certificate to the certificates map , if not yet containing .", "adds the given certificate to the certificate store , if not yet containing .", "adds the given certificate to the certificates , if not yet containing .", "adds the given certificate to the certificates store , if not yet containing .", "adds the given certificate to the certificate certificates map , if not yet containing ."]
["creates a new program scope .", "creates a new program scope : the list .", "creates a new scope : the list of methods .", "creates a program scope : the list of methods .", "creates a new program scope the list of ."]
["queries this contact for the given search string .", "queries this contact the given search string .", "queries this contact .", "queries this create contact for the given search string .", "queries this contact create for the given search string ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["copied from org . mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied from mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied from log . std err log .", "mortbay . log . std err log .", "copied mortbay . log . std err log ."]
["validation of page : - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error", "- detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error", "validation of page : - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error .", "validation of page : - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong id error", "page of page : - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error"]
["converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 1 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using .", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must the group after creating it using dbparameter group .", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must the after creating it using modify dbparameter", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using group"]
["stores a user .", "add a user and encrypted password .", "stores a user and encrypted user .", "stores a user and add password .", "stores user ."]
["generates a meta object protocol method , that is used to call a non public method , or to make a call to super .", "generates a object protocol method , that is used to call a non public method , or to make a call to super .", "generates a meta protocol method , that is used to call a non public method , or to make a call to super .", "generates a meta object protocol method , that is used to call a or to make a call to super .", "generates a meta object protocol method , that is used to call a , or to make a call to super ."]
["removes the specified tags from the metadata entity id", "removes the specified tags from the namespaced entity", "removes the specified tags from the metadata entity", "removes the specified tags from the metadata id", "removes the specified tags from the metadata entity metadata"]
["returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" contract \" element in contract anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in contract anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in contract anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in qualifier contract .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" contract in qualifier anno ."]
["returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the first tier truffle compilation .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the first grade truffle compilation .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the tier truffle compilation .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the first grade compilation .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the first tier grade compilation ."]
["if the value isn ' t a uri , then a", "if the value isn ' t a uri , then a illegal argument exception will be thrown .", "if the value isn ' t a uri will be thrown .", "if the value isn ' t a uri , then", "if the value isn ' t a uri"]
["runs the command .", "runs the execute with the given args .", "returns the command with the given args .", "runs the command with the given args .", "execute the command with the given args ."]
["schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux and solaris servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type linux and solaris servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux servers .", "schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux"]
["returns a curve node for a cds quoted in par par spread or quoted spread .", "returns a curve node for a cds quoted in par par spread spread or quoted spread .", "returns a curve node for a par par quoted in par spread or quoted spread .", "returns a curve node for a par par spread quoted in par spread or quoted spread .", "returns a curve node for a quoted in par cds par or quoted spread ."]
["set the value of clusterstatus , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of clusterstatus , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of clusterstatus in parameter comment .", "set the value of clusterstatus , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of , used in clusterstatus comment ."]
["map an o . s . message to an o . s . a . core . message .", "an o s . message to an o . s . a . core . message .", "message an o . s . message to an o . s . a . core . message .", "map an o . s . message to an o . s . a . core . message .", "map an o . s . message to an o . s . an . core . message ."]
["this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire history retention lock ( history source )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire retention lock ( engine history source )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire history retention lock ( engine )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire history retention lock ( engine source )", "this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire history retention lock ( source )"]
["the list of values of the given keys from the actual map under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "flat the list of values of the given keys from the actual map under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "flatten the list of the given keys from the actual map under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "flatten the list of values from the actual map under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "flatten the list of values of the given keys map this new array becoming the object under test ."]
["returns if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .", "returns name if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .", "returns true is a legal java .", "returns true if the is a legal java identifier .", "returns true if the given name is a legal java identifier ."]
["load a directory manifest from a agent manifest message .", "load a directory manifest from agent manifest message .", "directory manifest from a agent manifest message .", "load a job directory manifest from a agent manifest message .", "load a job directory manifest from a agent manifest message ."]
["a failure to parse will return default dns server address stream provider .", "a failure to parse will return dns server address stream provider .", "a failure to parse will return default server address stream provider .", "a failure to parse will return default dns default address stream provider .", "a failure to parse will return default dns server address provider ."]
["get warehouse .", "get quantity .", "get allocated .", "get app .", "get allocated ."]
["the build classpath .", "the build .", "the classpath .", "the classpath build .", "build classpath ."]
["get the sql @ sql annotations declared on the supplied element .", "get the sql @ sql annotations declared on the supplied annotated element .", "get the sql sql annotations declared on the supplied annotated element .", "sql @ sql annotations declared on the supplied annotated element .", "get the sql @ sql annotations declared on the supplied element ."]
["removes a flag from the specified array .", "removes a flag .", "removes a flag from a specified array .", "deletes a flag from the specified array .", "removes the flag from the specified array ."]
["note that the columns # name column ' s width will be ignored , as it depends on the frame ' s initial dimensions .", "note that the columns # column column ' s width will be ignored , as it depends on the frame ' s initial dimensions .", "note that the columns # name column ' s width will be ignored , as it depends on the frame ' s initial dimensions .", "note that the columns # name column ' s width will be ignored , as it depends on the column ' s initial dimensions .", "note that the columns # name column ' s column will be ignored , as it depends on the frame ' s initial dimensions ."]
["map treatment to set action .", "map treatment to set _ vlan treatment permit .", "map treatment to set _ treatment action .", "map treatment to set _ vlan treatment .", "map treatment to treatment _ vlan action ."]
["tries to return a valid os version on windows systems .", "tries to return a os version on windows systems .", "tries to return the valid os version on windows systems .", "tries to returns a valid os version on windows systems .", "tries to return an os version on windows systems ."]
["note : by default this registers the dao to be associated with the class that it uses .", "note : by default this registers class the dao to be associated with the class that it uses .", "by default this registers the dao to be associated with the class that it uses .", "note : by default this registers the dao class to be associated with the class that it uses .", "note : by default this registers the class dao to be associated with the class that it uses ."]
["element # get attribute ( string ) equals to provided expected value .", "web element # get attribute ( string ) equals to provided expected .", "web element # get attribute equals to provided expected value .", "web element # get ( string ) equals to provided expected value .", "web element # get attribute ( string ) equals to provided value ."]
["other arguments are parsed to a configuration and passed to the", "other arguments are parsed to a dispatcher and passed to the", "other arguments are parsed to the configuration and passed to the", "other arguments are parsed to an configuration and passed to the", "other dispatcher are parsed to a configuration and passed to the"]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["finds all constraint annotations defined for the given class and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds all constraint annotations defined for the given returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds annotations defined for the given class and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds all constraint annotations defined for the given constraints and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .", "finds all constraint annotations defined for the given and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for %UNK% and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three ."]
["sets the service object for this action support instance .", "sets service object for this scr action support instance .", "sets the service component object for this action support instance .", "sets object for this scr action support instance .", "sets the object for this scr action support instance ."]
["this is normally true , except when scanning is hosted in a different service .", "this is normally true , except when different is hosted in a different service .", "this is different true , except when scanning is hosted in a different service .", "this is normally true , except when scanning is different in a different service .", "this is normally different , except when scanning is hosted in a different service ."]
["returns the value of the bool uses context field .", "returns the value of the baseline uses context field .", "returns the value of the bool field .", "returns the value of the baseline field .", "returns the value of the bitfield bool uses context ."]
["sends the specified sequence to the channel .", "sends the specified sequence number .", "sends the specified number to the channel .", "sends the specified sequence number to the channel .", "sends the sequence number to the channel ."]
["return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the given attribute name is the name of a attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate with sync poller # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate sync # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate sync poller # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate with response # string - sync poller", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate begin # string - context"]
["close and free all prepared statements or callable statements from the pool , and close the underlying connection .", "close and free all prepared statements or callable statements from the pool .", "close and free all prepared statements or callable statements from the pool", "close and free all statements or callable statements from the pool , close the underlying connection .", "free all prepared statements or callable statements from the pool , and close the underlying connection ."]
["returns the secondary parents of this property map , for interfaces that need multiple inheritance .", "returns the secondary parents of this property map .", "returns the secondary parents of this parent map , for interfaces that need multiple inheritance .", "returns the secondary parents of this property map , for interfaces that need multiple parent .", "returns the secondary parents of this property map , for interfaces that need multiple inheritance ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for %UNK% and debugging ."]
["this exception is caught here and reported through the event handler .", "this exception is caught here .", "this exception is caught and reported through the event handler .", "this exception is caught here through the event handler .", "this exception is event here and reported through the event handler ."]
["this operation is required only for organizations that were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations .", "this %UNK% is required only for organizations that were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations .", "organizations that were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations .", "this operation is %UNK% only for organizations that were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations .", "were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations ."]
["returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is not going", "returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is not going .", "returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is going", "returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is not", "returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is not going _"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a listenable future for an open connection corresponding to the given id .", "returns a listenable future for an open opened corresponding to the given id .", "returns a listenable future for an open corresponding to the given id .", "returns a listenable future for an open connection corresponding to the given id .", "returns a future for an open connection corresponding to the given id ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and string ."]
["parse raw values is thrown by the parser , it should be caught and returned in the input row plus raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed .", "parse exception is thrown by the parser , it should be caught and returned in the input row raw values raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed .", "parse exception is thrown by the parser , it should be caught and returned in the input raw values plus raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed .", "parse exception is thrown by the parser , it should be caught and returned in the raw values row plus raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed .", "parse exception is thrown by the raw values , it should be caught and returned in the input row plus raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed ."]
["this method will also expand paths on the members of collections .", "this method will expand paths on the members of collections .", "this method will also expand paths on all .", "this method will also expand paths on this .", "this method will also expand paths on this ."]
["this is why there is not a set method for the item property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the item property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the item .", "this is why there is not a set method for the item property .", "this is why there is not a set method for item property ."]
["tests that dataset service impl # insert all rate limit retries quota rate limited attempts .", "tests that dataset service impl # insert rate limit all retries quota rate limited attempts .", "tests that dataset service impl # insert all insert rate limit quota rate limited attempts .", "tests that dataset service impl # insert all rate retries quota rate limited attempts .", "tests that error service impl # insert all retries quota rate limited attempts ."]
["get is sotrx .", "get string .", "get is .", "get sotrx .", "get sotrx sotrx ."]
["get branding info # # # functional description : provides information about branding settings .", "returns branding info # # # functional description : provides information about branding settings .", "get branding info # # # functional description : provides information about branding settings .", "gets branding info # # # functional description : provides information about branding settings .", "info # # functional description : provides information about branding settings ."]
["test that document element . add value does not throw any exception when passing a non - null value .", "test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a value .", "test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a non - null value .", "test that document element . non value does not throw any exception when passing a non - null value .", "test that document add value . add does not throw any exception when passing a non - null value ."]
["reading request by chunk and getting values from chunk", "reading request by chunk", "reading request by chunk and getting values from chunk .", "reading request by e1 and getting values from chunk", "reading request by chunk and getting values by e1"]
["code snippets for blob client # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders with response ( http headers httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set http headers with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,"]
["true if the type is a jso or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type .", "true if the type jso or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type .", "true if the type is the jso or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type .", "true if the type is an jso or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type .", "true if the type is a or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type ."]
["creates a negotiator used for alts .", "creates a negotiator .", "creates the negotiator used for alts .", "creates an negotiator used for alts .", "returns a negotiator used for alts ."]
["for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon route .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon elastic .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon db .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon ec2 ."]
["this should be the field representation of the field entity .", "this should be the representation of the field entity .", "this should be the instance representation of the field entity .", "this should be the field entity representation of the field entity .", "this should be the instance of the field entity ."]
["note this method creates a connectable that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a hot connectable that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a stream that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates an connectable that starts emitting data immediately ."]
["get builtin keys snippet block .", "get builtin snippet block .", "get builtin keyword snippet block .", "get keys snippet block .", "get builtin keys block ."]
["returns a rule that forbids access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns an rule that forbids access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns an that forbids access to the given set of ip addresses .", "returns a rule that forbids access to the given add of ip addresses .", "returns a rule that forbids access to the given set of ip addresses ."]
["test partition awareness partition distributions cache size property .", "test awareness partition distributions cache size property .", "test affinity partition partition distributions cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition partition cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property ."]
["decode the jvm options 1 . strip \\ \" at the start and at the end 2 . replace \" & equals \" with \" = \" 3 .", "decode the jvm options 1 . strip \\ \" at the start and at the end 2 . replace \" equals \" with \" = \" 3 .", "decode the jvm options 1 . strip \\ \" at the start and at the end 2 . replace \" & \" with \" = \" 3 .", "decode the jvm options 1 . \\ at the start and at the end 2 . replace \" equals \" with \" = \" 3 .", "decode the jvm options 1 . strip \\ \" at the start and at the end 2 . replace \" \" with \" = \" 3 ."]
["test of variance method , of class beta .", "test of variance method , of class beta .", "test of var method , of class beta .", "test variance var method , of class beta .", "test of variance variance method , of class beta ."]
["the key vault key options is required .", "the create key options is required .", "the key key options is required .", "the create vault key options is required .", "the key options is required ."]
["and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? ."]
["create a list of file media item for testing purpose .", "create a list of file media item2 for testing purpose .", "create a list of file media metadata for testing purpose .", "create a list of file media item2 for testing purpose .", "create a list of file item item2 for testing purpose ."]
["# # # \u24d8 further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to rooms for other users .", "\u24d8 further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to rooms for other users .", "# \u24d8 further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to rooms for other users .", "# # \u24d8 further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to for other users .", "# # further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to rooms for other users ."]
["configure whether or not to add an empty oauth token for oauth1", "add whether or not to use an empty oauth token for oauth1", "configure whether or not to use an add oauth token for oauth1", "configure whether or not to use a oauth token for oauth1", "configure whether or add to use an empty oauth token for oauth1"]
["parses basic2 dmatrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses basic2 dmatrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses basic2 dmatrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses basic2 dmatrix from the given input stream market string .", "parses basic2 dmatrix from the given matrix market stream ."]
["this method adds additional training listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional iteration training to existing listeners", "this method adds training iteration listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional training to existing listeners"]
["test of variance method , of class tdistribution .", "test of variance method , of class tdistribution .", "test variance var method , of class tdistribution .", "test of var method , of class tdistribution .", "test of variance variance method , of class tdistribution ."]
["unless overridden by this method , the blowfish cipher service instance is a blowfish cipher .", "unless overridden by this method , the default cipher instance is a blowfish service cipher .", "unless overridden by this method , the default cipher instance is a default service cipher .", "unless overridden by this method , the default cipher instance is a blowfish cipher service .", "unless overridden by this method , the default cipher instance is a service blowfish cipher ."]
["ioexception will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body .", "ioe will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body .", "ioe ioe will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body .", "will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body .", "throwable will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body ."]
["for the ` / v1 / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` .", "for the ` / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` .", "for the ` / / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` .", "` / v1 / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` .", "for the / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` ."]
["creates and caches a test core event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test base event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test core event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches base event instance for the scope of the current test method ."]
["you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with - ws 0 api , but this tool requires - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , this tool requires jax - ws 1 api ."]
["this method removes any fully qualified throwable class names from the message cause chain .", "this method removes any qualified throwable class names from the message cause chain .", "this method removes any fully qualified class names from the message cause chain .", "this method removes any fully throwable class names from the message cause chain .", "this method removes any fully qualified throwable names from the message cause chain ."]
["the camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .", "the rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .", "the camel component to use for the transport , such as restlet , spark - .", "the camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - producer rest .", "the producer camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest ."]
["this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if not called ."]
["commonly status information .", "important status information .", "commonly important status .", "commonly error status information .", "commonly important status information ."]
["finds a preference based on its key .", "returns a preference based on its key .", "finds a preference .", "finds the preference based on its key .", "finds an preference based on its key ."]
["immutable set immutable set . copy of ( collection ) to set the property ?", "immutable set immutable set . copy of to set the property ?", "immutable set immutable set . converting of ( collection ) to set the property ?", "immutable set immutable set . optional of ( collection ) to set the property ?", "immutable set immutable set . get of ( collection ) to set the property ?"]
["returns the value of a yes .", "returns the value of a yes / no option .", "returns the value of a yes option .", "returns the value of the yes / no option .", "returns the value of a yes / no option ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image .", "computes the average for each height across all bands in the planar image ."]
["returns the highest solid ' terrain ' block which can occur naturally .", "returns the solid ' terrain ' block which can occur naturally .", "returns the highest solid which can occur naturally .", "returns the highest solid ' block which can occur naturally .", "returns the highest solid ' terrain which can occur naturally ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["execute the alter class .", "execute the class .", "execute the alter .", "execute the map class .", "execute the alter database ."]
["instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted after the deletion journal entry has been written .", "instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted after the context deletion journal entry has been written .", "instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted after the journal entry has been written .", "instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted after the block deletion journal entry has been written .", "instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted"]
["this method overwrites existing fields added with # field data ( string , type information ) .", "this method overwrites existing fields added with # type data ( string , type information ) .", "this method overwrites existing fields added with # data field ( string , type information ) .", "this method overwrites existing fields added with # data ( string , type information ) .", "this method overwrites existing fields added with # field ( string , field data information ) ."]
["cancels the task of loading and displaying image for incoming image aware .", "cancels the task of loading and displaying image for incoming aware view .", "cancels the task of loading and displaying image for incoming image aware .", "cancels the task of loading and displaying image for incoming image awares .", "cancels the task of loading and displaying aware for incoming aware view ."]
["sets the thread machine factory .", "sets the thread pool size factory .", "sets the thread factory .", "sets the thread pool machine factory .", "sets the thread pool factory ."]
["returns the frame health .", "returns the health percentage .", "returns the frame .", "returns the frame health health .", "returns the frame health ."]
["set name of the resource db cassandra keyspace .", "set resource of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace .", "set name of the cosmos resource cassandra keyspace .", "set name of the cosmos db resource keyspace .", "set name of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["this method will return true if the version stored in the file matches the supplied string version .", "this method will return true if the version stored in the file matches the supplied float version .", "this method will return true if the version stored in the file matches the string version .", "this method will return true if the version stored in the file matches the supplied version version .", "this method will return true if the float stored in the file matches the supplied string version ."]
["write the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught .", "write the task state to the provisioner store .", "provisioning the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught .", "the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught .", "retry the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught ."]
["applies the optimization .", "applies the optimization ( main entry point ) .", "applies the optimization ) .", "applies the .", "returns the optimization ( main entry point ) ."]
["for each network interface , create a listening thread using # executor service", "for each network interface , create a listening thread using # _ service", "for each network interface , create a listening thread using # service", "for each network interface , create a listening thread using # _ executor", "for each network interface , create a listening thread using _ executor service"]
["this method could be used in the method .", "this method could be used .", "this method could be used in a method .", "this method could be used in this method .", "the method could be used in the method ."]
["returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable kernel .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the verarbeiten spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable"]
["override the debug warn logging level", "override the warn logging level", "override the debug logging level", "override the debug warn level", "override the client warn logging level"]
["builder . new requires ( mods , mn ) ;", "builder . new requires ;", "builder . new requires ( string , mn ) ;", "builder . new requires ( requires , mn ) ;", "builder . requires requires ( mods , mn ) ;"]
["get the value of user name .", "get the value of user .", "get the value of name .", "get the value of username .", "get the value of name name ."]
["completes change set with any additional changes from its topics", "completes change with any additional changes from its topics", "completes cs with any additional changes from its topics", "completes with any additional changes from its topics", "completes set set with any additional changes from its topics"]
["returns the type of the proto abstract adapter helper class generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter .", "returns the type of the proto abstract helper class generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter .", "returns the abstract adapter of the proto fields helper class generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter .", "returns the type of the proto abstract adapter class generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter .", "returns the abstract adapter generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter ."]
["build a prepared statement creator based on the given sql and named parameters .", "build a prepared statement creator based on the given sql .", "build a prepared statement creator based on the given sql", "build a prepared statement creator based on the given sql and named prepared .", "build a statement creator based on the given sql and named parameters ."]
["tests that a configuration is able to be retrieved when it exists , whether or not it is locked .", "tests that a exists with response is able to be retrieved when it exists , whether or not it is locked .", "tests that a configuration is able to be retrieved when it exists with response , whether or not it is locked .", "tests that a configuration with response is able to be retrieved when it exists , whether or not it is locked .", "tests that"]
["set the web socket sub - protocols supported by the server .", "set the web socket sub - protocols supported by the server .", "set the web socket web socket - protocols supported by the server .", "set the web socket socket sub - protocols supported by the server .", "set the list socket sub - protocols supported by the server ."]
["returns true if there ' s another route to attempt .", "returns if there ' s another route to attempt .", "returns false if there ' s another route to attempt .", "returns true if there ' s this route to attempt .", "returns true if there ' s the route to attempt ."]
["creates a preprocessed graph for a snippet substitution .", "creates a preprocessed graph for a snippet .", "creates a preprocessed graph for a snippet or method substitution .", "creates a preprocessed graph snippet or method substitution .", "creates a graph for a snippet method substitution ."]
["tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a context .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete context ) method for a directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( context uri , delete options ) method for a directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete ptype ) method for a directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio context , delete options ) method for a directory ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["use # on submit ( ajax request target , form ) instead .", "use # on after submit ( ajax request target , form ) instead .", "use # on after submit after form ( ajax request target , form ) instead .", "use # after after submit ( ajax request target , form ) instead .", "use # on submit on after ( ajax request target , form ) instead ."]
["the item is removed from the collection mapped to the specified key .", "the item is removed collection mapped to the .", "the value is removed from the collection mapped to the specified key .", "the coll is removed from the collection mapped to the specified key .", "removed from the collection mapped to the specified key ."]
["returns an local date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns an local time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns a local date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns an local date date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns a local date date time formed from this time and the specified offset ."]
["required for cron or task", "task for cron or delay", "required for cron or %UNK%", "required for cron", "required for cron or delay"]
["that is , leaving endpoints are not included in the copy .", "that is , endpoints are not included in the copy .", "that is endpoints are not included in the copy .", "that is , leaving node are not included in the copy .", "that is , leaving topology are not included in the copy ."]
["checks the status of the ' batch id ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' id ' field .", "checks the ' batch id ' field .", "checks id ' field ."]
["returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns a transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method ."]
["the fetcher should something as it falls back to chimbori .", "the fetcher should something as it falls back to otto", "the fetcher should something as it falls back to %UNK%", "this fetcher should something as it falls back to chimbori", "the fetcher should something as it otto back to chimbori"]
["paints menu button .", "paints menu button button .", "paints button .", "paints menu .", "paints paint button ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["this method may be called after # start server ( ) to ( re - ) set the evaluation timeout in the running server .", "this method may be called after # server ( ) to ( re - ) set the script evaluation timeout in the running server .", "this method may be called after # server ( ) to ( re - ) set script evaluation timeout in the running server .", "this method may be called after # start server ( ) to ( re - ) script evaluation timeout in the running server .", "this method may be called after # start server ( ) to ( re - ) set the timeout in the running server ."]
["use command spec # set variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed .", "use command spec # set interpolate variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed .", "use command spec # interpolate variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed .", "use command spec # variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed .", "use command spec # set variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed ."]
["test of length method , of class exponential .", "test of method , of class exponential .", "test of npara method , of class exponential .", "test of method , length class exponential .", "test length npara method , of class exponential ."]
["returns the public keys for none .", "returns the public keys .", "returns the public keys or null for none .", "returns the current public keys or null for none .", "returns a public keys or null for none ."]
["set the content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "set the file language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "file language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "the file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["this method will attempt to load the cluster defaults .", "this method will attempt to load the configuration and update the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the configuration defaults and update the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster defaults the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster defaults if necessary ."]
["setter parameter value for file name", "setter parameter value for path or file name", "setter parameter value for file name path", "setter parameter value for name path name", "setter parameter value for file file path"]
["dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect , or is on the wrong network", "server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect , or is on the wrong network", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if request ip is incorrect , or is on the wrong network", "dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if \" request ip \" is incorrect"]
["checks if device connected .", "checks if device connected to wifi network .", "checks if device connecting to wifi network .", "checks if device connected", "checks if device connected network ."]
["returns true if field thread name list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field thread name list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field target thread name list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field thread name list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field thread list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["loads a new module from the class path and defers scanning associated directories for resources .", "loads a new module from the class path scanning associated directories for resources .", "loads a new module from the class path directories for resources .", "loads a new module from the class path for resources .", "loads a new module from the class path ."]
["validate ssl context is configured .", "validate ssl context is configured properly .", "ssl context is configured properly .", "validate ssl context is properly .", "validate context is configured properly ."]
["note that this method will only return a value code if the has been set .", "see note that this method will only return a non - null value code if the has been set .", "note that this method will only return the non - null value code if the has been set .", "note that this method will only returns a non - null value code if the has been set .", "note that this method will only return a code if the has been set ."]
["it creates a topic using producer .", "it creates a topic using kafka producer .", "it creates a topic producer .", "it creates a topic producer .", "it creates a topic ."]
["returns a wrapped instance of connection request to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of connection request to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of connection request to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of connection request . to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of connection request to capture the necessary performance metrics ."]
["adds all database providers , and starts initialization of our services .", "adds all database providers .", "adds all database providers , .", "adds all transaction providers , and starts initialization of our services .", "adds all init providers , and starts initialization of our services ."]
["the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the content views , which are associated with tabs .", "the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the content views , which are associated with tabs .", "the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the views , which are associated with tabs .", "the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the child views , which are associated with tabs .", "the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the child views , which are associated with tabs ."]
["removes the specified object from the list of registered configuration listeners .", "removes the specified object from the list of registered configuration .", "removes the specified object from the list of registered configuration configuration .", "removes the specified object from the list of registered listeners .", "removes the specified object from the list of configuration listeners ."]
["work - around for bug in java . net . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in uri ( )", "work - around for bug in net . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in uri . net . uri ( )", "work - around for bug in uri . uri ( )"]
["see class visitor # visit module ( string , int ) .", "see class visitor # module ( string , int ) .", "see class visitor # visit module ( , int ) .", "see class visitor # visit module ( string , ) .", "see visitor # visit module ( string , int ) ."]
["create from a given numpy . npy file .", "create from a given . npy file .", "create from the given numpy . npy file .", "create from an given numpy . npy file .", "returns from a given numpy . npy file ."]
["maybe the given conditional - get header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history .", "set the given maybe - get header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history .", "sets the given conditional - get header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history .", "set the conditional - get header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history .", "set the given conditional - maybe header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history ."]
["sets e guardian user id .", "sets request guardian user id .", "sets guardian user id .", "sets e guardian request id .", "sets e guardian user request ."]
["register a module this this class .", "register a module this this class loader .", "register module this this class loader .", "returns a module this this class loader .", "register a module this this class module ."]
["sets the # user name .", "sets the # user .", "sets the # name name .", "sets the # user user .", "sets the # name ."]
["code snippets for page blob client # upload pages with response ( page range , input stream , page blob request conditions ,", "code snippets for page blob client # upload pages with response ( page range , input stream blob request conditions ,", "code snippets for page blob client # upload pages with response ( input stream , page blob request conditions ,", "code snippets for client # upload pages with response ( page range input stream , page blob request conditions ,", "code snippets for page blob client # upload pages with response ( string , page range , input stream , page blob request conditions ,"]
["path parameter : path", "path parameter : path", "path parameter : path ( spark )", "path parameter ( required )", "path parameter : path ( required )"]
["make sure to keep # wiki id field and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # wiki field and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # database field and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # field and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # id field and map synchronized ."]
["gets an block in the value at position .", "gets a block in the value at position .", "gets an object in the value at position .", "gets an object the value at .", "gets the value at position ."]
["attachment to output stream .", "saves to output stream .", "saves attachment to stream .", "saves attachment to output .", "saves attachment output stream ."]
["decodes a byte array where each char represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "returns a byte array where each char represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each ascii represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each char represents an ascii ' 0", "decodes a byte array where each char represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ."]
["this is not the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price agreed .", "the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price when the trade occurred .", "this is the traded agreed when the trade occurred ."]
["the context of the initiator if not running .", "the context of the initiator .", "the context of the initiator or null if not running .", "the context initiator or null if not running .", "the context of the null if not running ."]
["throws configuration exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties .", "throws invalid configuration exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties .", "throws exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties .", "invalid throws configuration exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties .", "configuration exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties ."]
["you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache clusters .", "note : you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache clusters .", "you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache .", "you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache clusters", "note : you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache clusters . describe"]
["returns a new queue of given size containing consecutive pdelays 0 . . . n .", "returns a new queue of given size containing consecutive pdelays . . n .", "returns a new queue of given size containing pdelays 0 . . . n .", "returns a new queue of given size containing consecutive pdelays . . . n .", "returns a new queue of given size containing queue pdelays 0 . . . n ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for zip and debugging ."]
["if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range contains the begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range contains the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range begin or the end of the range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range ( contains the begin or the end of the other range ."]
["run search result # parallel combine active ( collection , function ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise .", "run search result # parallel combine active ( function , func1 ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise .", "run search result # parallel combine active ( collection , func1 ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise .", "run search result # parallel combine active ( collection , func1 ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise .", "run search result # parallel combine active ( collection , func1 ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise ."]
["returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the paintable kernel .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the verarbeiten spaces .", "returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the comparable"]
["invoke builder . conceals ( string pn )", "invoke builder . conceals", "invoke packages . conceals ( string pn )", "packages builder . conceals ( string pn )", "invoke builder . conceals ( packages pn )"]
["to use a custom class loader , set class loader ( ) must be called prior to calling this method .", "to use a custom class loader set class loader ( must be called prior to calling this method .", "to use a custom class loader , loader ( ) must be called prior to calling this method .", "to use the custom class loader , set class loader ( ) must be called prior to calling this method .", "to use a custom class loader , ( ) must be called prior to calling this method ."]
["any metadata related to the value .", "metadata related to the value .", "the metadata related to the value .", "an metadata related to the value .", "a metadata related to the value ."]
["returns the textual representations of the running issues ( java version and dependency ) , if any .", "returns the textual representations of the running issues dependency ) , if any .", "returns the textual representations of the running issues ( dependency ) , if any .", "returns the textual representations of the running issues , if any .", "returns the textual representations of the running issues ( 3 version and dependency ) , if any ."]
["parses dense matrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses dense matrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses dense matrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses dense matrix from the given matrix market stream .", "parses dense matrix from the given matrix market ."]
["get column labels .", "get column labels items .", "get column .", "get column items .", "get list ."]
["you want # get offset in section ( ) .", "get offset in section ( ) .", "probably you want # get offset in ( ) .", "# get offset in section ( ) .", "you want # get in section ( ) ."]
["returns the s v n repository with the primary key or throws a no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n repository with the primary key liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n repository with the primary key or throws a socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n repository with the primary key or throws a socialcoding no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n repository with the primary key or throws socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found ."]
["for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener ( ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can listener ( ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call ( ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ( ) , this method has the same semantics .", "for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener ( ) , this method has the same semantics ."]
["logs collection , elem and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection , element and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection , t and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs elem , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .", "logs collection and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains ."]
["gets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field .", "gets the value of the ' _ quorum ' field .", "gets the value of the ' quorum ' field .", "gets the value of zk _ quorum ' field .", "gets the value of the ' zk ' field ."]
["returns the event indexes .", "returns the event indexes indexes .", "returns the event .", "returns the event indexes .", "returns the event index indexes ."]
["generate a new ldap connection object for following a referral with the given ldap url , and copy the username and password from the original connection .", "generate a new ldap network connection object for following a referral with the given ldap url , and copy the username and password from the original connection .", "generate a new network ldap connection object for following a referral with the given ldap url , and copy the username and password from the original connection .", "generate a new connection object for following a referral with the given url , and copy the username and password from the original connection .", "generate a new ldap connection object for following a referral with the given ldap int , and copy the username and password from the original connection ."]
["returns whether this is a required option .", "returns whether this is a required or positional parameter .", "returns whether this is a required option parameter .", "returns whether this is the required option or positional parameter .", "returns whether this is an required option or positional parameter ."]
["test partition awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition partition cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity partition partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition distributions cache partition property with semicolon ."]
["returns the subset of nodes that are in a given node", "returns the subset of nodes that are in a given states", "returns the subset of node that are in a given state", "returns the subset of nodes that are in a given state states", "returns the subset of states that are in a given state"]
["returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where repository = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where company = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where type = ?"]
["this function assumes the block at the given index is cached for the given size .", "this function assumes the block is cached for the given size .", "this function assumes the block at index is cached for given size .", "this function assumes the block index is cached for given size .", "this function assumes the block index is cached for the given ."]
["adapts a t instance .", "adapts a list instance .", "adapts a value instance .", "adapts a instance .", "adapts a object instance ."]
["closes a register .", "sets a session .", "register a session .", "closes an register .", "returns a session ."]
["tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request cluster ,", "and tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys values in the same request ,"]
["returns a list of contextual cards eligible for display .", "returns a list of cards eligible for display .", "returns a list of contextual controllers cards eligible for display .", "returns a list of card cards eligible for display .", "returns a list of conditional cards eligible for display ."]
["of the gamma function .", "log .", "log of the gamma function .", "log of a gamma function .", "log function ."]
["only return objects changed since this time .", "return objects changed since this time .", "only returns objects changed since this time .", "only return objects since this time .", "only return changes changed since this time ."]
["returns the path of the data plane key file , if this is set with the ' data plane key file ' property .", "returns the path of the key file , if this is set with the ' plane private key file ' property .", "returns the path of the data private key file , if this is set with the ' data key file ' property .", "returns the path of private key file , if this is set with ' plane private key file ' property .", "returns the path of the data plane private key file , if this is set with the private key file property ."]
["replaces the http request associated with this context with the specified one without any validation .", "replaces the http associated with this context with the specified one without any validation .", "replaces the request associated with this context with the specified http one without any validation .", "replaces the request associated with any http context with the specified one without any validation .", "replaces the request associated with this http context with the specified one without any validation ."]
["additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the additional action auth parameter is set to false .", "additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the additonal additional auth parameter is set to false .", "additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the action auth parameter is set to false .", "additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the additional auth parameter is set to false .", "additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the auth parameter is set to false ."]
["after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group", "after you create a parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first that uses that parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first cluster that uses that cluster parameter group as the default parameter group ."]
["close the current data reader .", "close the current chunk reader .", "close the current packet data .", "close the current packet chunk .", "close the current reader ."]
["produces canonical attribute representation by stripping an unnecessary \" this . \"", "produces attribute representation by stripping an unnecessary \" this . \"", "produces dot attribute representation by stripping an unnecessary \" this . \"", "produces canonical dot representation by stripping an unnecessary \" this . \"", "produces attribute attribute representation by stripping an unnecessary \" this . \""]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for authentication and debugging ."]
["gets endpoints .", "gets endpoints endpoint .", "gets xconnect .", "endpoints ports .", "gets object ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["this is the price when the trade occurred .", "the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is not the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is traded the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price traded when the trade occurred ."]
["in the database , the task would likely have a past start date ( i . e .", "in the database , the task would likely have a past start date", "in the database , the task would likely have a past start date ( e .", "in the database , the task would likely have a past start date (", "in the database , the task would likely have a past start date ( i . e or e ."]
["compute crc over the frame ' s payload .", "crc over the frame ' s payload .", "compute crc over the frame .", "compute crc over the frame payload .", "compute crc over a frame ' s payload ."]
["the activity counters are reset after iri .", "the activity counters are reset .", "the activity counters are reset after neighbors iri .", "the activity neighbors are reset after restarting iri .", "the neighbors counters are reset after restarting iri ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["initializes the specified input .", "initializes the input .", "initializes the specified .", "initializes the executes input .", "initializes a input ."]
["turns this reactive seq into a connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this seq into a hot connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this reactive seq into a stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this reactive seq into a connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data"]
["return a pausable connectable that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a pausable hot stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a pausable stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .", "return a pausable hot that will skip emitting data when the first connecting connectable connects .", "return a pausable connectable stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["resets any management pack installation states from mpack install state # installing to repository version state # install _ failed .", "resets any management pack installation states state # installing to repository version state # install _ failed .", "resets any management pack installation states state # installing to version state # install _ failed .", "resets any management pack installation states from mpack install state # installing to mpack install state # install _ failed .", "resets any management pack installation states version from mpack install # installing to repository version state # install _ failed ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "class chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "value chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "unit chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) ."]
["this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it ."]
["this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ type . type type", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project .", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project type", "this method returns the value of the type column m _ prj _ project . project type", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ . type"]
["binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host .", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default host .", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the http virtual host .", "binds http the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host ."]
["returns a songs randomly selected from all the songs in the android", "returns a song randomly selected from all the songs in the android", "returns a song randomly selected from all the songs in the songs", "returns a song songs selected from all the songs in the android", "returns a song selected from all the songs in the android"]
["if label filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc , def \" , settings with label \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with label filter \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc , def \" , settings with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if labels = \" abc , def \" , label with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned ."]
["initializes . voices .", "initializes this voices", "initializes voices .", "initializes this . voices .", "initializes the . voices ."]
["returns when no response is expected .", "returns true when no response is expected .", "true when no response is expected .", "returns true when no response is expected .", "returns process when no response is expected ."]
["returns all clusters of this cluster .", "returns all clusters clusters of this cluster .", "returns all of this cluster .", "returns all clusters subclusters of this cluster .", "returns clusters of this cluster ."]
["validate metadata tags .", "metadata tags and return whether any properties are present .", "validate metadata and return whether any properties are present .", "validate tags and return whether any properties are present .", "validate metadata tags whether any properties are present ."]
["returns the o auth token with the primary key or throws a no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth token with the primary key or throws a opensocial . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth token with the primary key liferay . opensocial . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth token with the primary key or throws a opensocial no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "returns the o auth token with the primary key or throws a . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found ."]
["find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map areas , unregister them then recreate temporary data folder .", "find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map areas .", "find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map areas data folder .", "find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map download , unregister them then recreate temporary data folder .", "find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map areas , unregister them then recreate temporary data folder ."]
["return the possible corrections .", "return the possible corrections or null .", "returns the possible corrections or null .", "return the corrections or null .", "return the list corrections or null ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to time types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["use reflection to get the value of variable from obj .", "use reflection to get the value of variable obj .", "use reflection to get the value of variable name from obj .", "use reflection to get the value of variable name from obj .", "use reflection to get the value of variable from obj ."]
["merge given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "merge given void publishers into a new mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given sources have been fulfilled .", "given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "merge given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "merge given void publishers mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled ."]
["inflates the content view of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy .", "inflates the child content of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy .", "inflates the child view of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy .", "inflates the of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy .", "inflates the view of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy ."]
["map invokedynamic method name to the new name .", "map invokedynamic method name .", "invokedynamic method name to the new name .", "map invokedynamic method name to the name .", "map invokedynamic name to the new name ."]
["factory method that returns an instance of this class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics", "method that returns an instance of this class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics", "factory method that returns an instance of class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics", "that returns an instance of this class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics", "returns an instance of this class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics"]
["sort the feed items in the queue with the given permutor .", "sort the items in the queue with the given permutor .", "sort the feed items in the queue .", "sort the queue items in the queue with the given permutor .", "reorder the feed items in the queue with the given permutor ."]
["name of task", "name of schedule", "name of task .", "name of task task", "name of match"]
["check if the account is empty ( no roles , no groups , no users ) .", "check if the account is empty ( roles , groups , users ) .", "check if the account is empty ( no roles , no groups .", "check if the account is empty ( no roles groups , no users .", "check if the account is empty ( no roles groups , no users ) ."]
["1 ) check that there are object _ num number of objects in the corfu table .", "1 ) check that there are object _ num number of objects in the corfu .", "1 ) check that there are object _ num number of objects in the smrmap .", "1 ) check that there are object _ num number of objects in the table table .", ") check that there are object _ num number of objects in the smrmap ."]
["sets the appearance of the appearance property .", "sets the appearance type of the appearance type property .", "sets the appearance of the appearance property .", "sets the value of the appearance property .", "sets the appearance type of the appearance type property ."]
["retrieve double values from disk ( gh - 1206 ) .", "retrieve values from disk ( gh - 1206 ) .", "retrieve double values from gh1206 ( gh - 1206 ) .", "retrieve double values from disk .", "retrieve gh1206 values from disk ( gh - 1206 ) ."]
["calls # set query ( query class ) with the default", "calls # set query , query class ) with the default", "calls # set query ( query listen options , class ) with the default", "calls # set ( query , query listen metadata changes , class ) with the default", "calls # set metadata ( metadata , metadata listen options , class ) with the default"]
["configure a ssl config builder for the jmx using the legacy configuration", "configure a config for the jmx using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder ssl config for the jmx using the legacy configuration", "configure a config builder config for the jmx using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder config for the jmx using the legacy configuration"]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of and modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a collection of bind modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .", "resolves a and of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration ."]
["default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao , and query cache", "default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao", "default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao , and cache", "default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao ,", "default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao , and time cache"]
["sets the bootstrap member nodes .", "sets the nodes member locations .", "sets the bootstrap member node .", "sets the bootstrap nodes locations .", "sets the bootstrap member nodes ."]
["get the enum corresponding to the given file size .", "get the enum corresponding to the given size .", "get the enum corresponding to the given image size .", "get the image corresponding to the given file size .", "get the enum corresponding to the given file size image ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where first = ?"]
["opens an input stream for reading the named entry of the given section in this jmod file .", "opens an stream for reading the named entry of the given section in this jmod file .", "opens input stream for reading the named entry of the given section in this jmod file .", "opens an input stream for reading the named entry of the given stream in this jmod file .", "opens an input stream for reading the named entry of the given"]
["set up notification manager to show incomplete progress .", "set up manager to show download progress .", "set up notification manager .", "set up incomplete manager to show download progress .", "set up notification to show download progress ."]
["finds the parent binder type in the supplied set , if any .", "finds the binder type in the supplied set , if any .", "finds the parent type in the supplied set , if any .", "finds the type binder type in the supplied set , if any .", "finds the element binder type in the supplied set , if any ."]
["also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new matcher - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon that called copy ."]
["wraps method and repeat creation several time if something fail .", "wraps java method creation several time if something fail .", "wraps java method and repeat creation several time .", "wraps java method creation several time if something .", "wraps java method creation several time if something ."]
["optimizes a function that returns an empty sequence when the first argument is empty .", "optimizes a function that returns sequence when the first argument is empty .", "optimizes a function that returns a sequence when the first argument is empty .", "optimizes returns an empty sequence when the first argument is empty .", "optimizes a function that returns an empty sequence when the first argument is empty ."]
["get content disposition property : sets file ' s", "get the content disposition property : sets the ' s", "get content disposition property : sets ' s", "get the disposition property : sets the file ' s", "content disposition property : sets file ' s"]
["returns true if this lookup has private access .", "returns true if this lookup has access .", "returns if this lookup has private access .", "returns true if this lookup has private access .", "otherwise returns true if this lookup has private access ."]
["creates a new data source .", "creates a data source using the specified template .", "creates a new data source using the specified template .", "creates a new data source .", "returns a new data source using the specified template ."]
["returns the ( excess ) kurtosis of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population ) kurtosis of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a dataset", "returns the kurtosis of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population unbiased ) excess of all the values within a dataset"]
["in the case where there ' s no api key the id will contain api org id + api id + api version", "in the case where there ' s no api key the id will contain api org id + service id + service version", "in the case where there ' s no api key the id will contain api id + service id + service version", "in the case where there ' s no api key the id will org api org id + service id + service version", "in the case where there ' s no api key the id will contain service api id + service id + service version"]
["default implementation returns session result # result _ error _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # error _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ not _ error .", "default implementation returns session result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ error _ supported ."]
["returns if this maps the specified cell .", "returns if this cell the specified column .", "returns if this maps the specified cells .", "returns if this cells the specified column .", "returns if this maps the specified cell ."]
["returns a rule that limits the number of concurrent requests by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of add requests by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of utils requests by request ' s host domain .", "returns an rule that limits the number of concurrent requests by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of concurrency requests by request ' s host domain ."]
["can this user delete this change or any patch set of this change ?", "can this user delete this change ?", "can this user delete this change change ?", "can this user delete this change ?", "can this user delete this change this change ?"]
["the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc unloaded .", "the caller has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc ' caller / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc ."]
["store the specified realm properties and child ( realm )", "store the specified realm properties and child ( credential handler )", "store the specified credential properties and child ( credential )", "store the specified realm credential and child ( realm )", "store the specified realm properties and child ( credential )"]
["we can divide the tree nodes , like a table .", "we can divide the tree nodes into rows , like a table .", "we can divide the tree nodes into rows columns , a table .", "we can divide the tree nodes into rows columns , .", "we can divide the tree nodes into columns , like a table ."]
["there must be exactly one snippet method in declaring class .", "there must be exactly one snippet method", "there must be exactly one snippet method .", "there must be exactly one snippet method in resolved class .", "there must be exactly one snippet method in java class ."]
["the address should be parseable by inet address # get by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by inet address # get name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by inet address # get by ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by inet address # get all by name ( string ) .", "the address should be parseable by address # get all by name ( string ) ."]
["assert that the test subscriber received a fuseabe queue subscription and is in the given fusion mode .", "assert that the test subscriber received a fuseabe subscription and is in the given fusion mode .", "that the test subscriber received a fuseabe queue subscription and is in the given fusion mode .", "the test subscriber received a fuseabe queue subscription and is in the given fusion mode .", "assert that the test test received a fuseabe queue subscription and is in the given fusion mode ."]
["time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" after \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" after \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" after \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" after \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .", "compared time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window \" after \" value ( which would result in a negative window size ) ."]
["creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit id .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for a project id .", "creates an stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["creates and enqueues node for current thread .", "creates and enqueues node for current thread .", "creates and enqueues node for current thread .", "creates and enqueues node .", "creates and enqueues for current thread given mode ."]
["update the record ' s sequence number .", "update the record .", "returns the record ' s sequence number .", "update the sequence ' s sequence number .", "update the record ' s sequence number ."]
["sets a condition when the provided mock ( or other matchers ) is not satisfied based on exchange being sent to it when they are received .", "sets a condition when the provided mock is not satisfied based on exchange being sent to it when they are received .", "sets a condition when the provided mock ( or other matchers ) is not satisfied based on being sent to it when they are received .", "sets the provided mock ( or other matchers ) is not satisfied based on exchange being sent to it when they are received .", "returns a condition when the provided mock ( or other matchers ) is not satisfied based on exchange being sent to it when they are received ."]
["returns completed style id for the child style .", "returns style id for the child style .", "returns completed style id for the child style .", "returns style style id for the child style .", "gets completed style id for the child style ."]
["sets the sort orders to use with backend sorting .", "sets the orders to use with backend sorting .", "sets the sort orders to use with backend .", "sets the query sort orders to use with backend sorting .", "sets the sort orders to use with backend sorting ."]
["any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the indexed or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent of other"]
["saves the changed / deleted entities .", "saves the changed entities .", "saves the / deleted entities .", "saves the delete / deleted entities .", "returns the changed / deleted entities ."]
["parse a csv into a list of imported spreadsheet objects .", "parse a csv into a list of imported row objects .", "parse a csv into a list of spreadsheet grade objects .", "parse a csv into a list of imported spreadsheet .", "parse a csv into a list of imported imported objects ."]
["generates an in - memory key for an api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory api for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for a api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - api key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for an resource , used to index the app for later quick retrieval ."]
["this field will be ignored when inserting a map .", "this url will be ignored when inserting a url map .", "this field will be ignored when inserting a patch map .", "this patch will be ignored when inserting a url map .", "this field will be ignored when inserting a build map ."]
["returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns an rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a roles that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns an that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user ."]
["converts this template into an argument type strategy .", "converts this template into an argument type strategies .", "converts this template into an argument type .", "converts this template into an argument type validator .", "converts this template into an argument type strategy ."]
["aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user", "aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds guide", "for more information , see aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .", "on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide", "aurora on rds in the amazon rds user guide"]
["get the extern item object associated with this element name .", "get the extern item object associated with this elem name .", "get the element item object associated with this package name .", "get the extern item element associated with this package name .", "get the extern item object associated with this package element ."]
["destroys all the key created during this test run .", "destroys all the keys created during this test run .", "tear all the keys created during this test run .", "destroys all a keys created during this test run .", "destroys all the keys created during this test tear ."]
["test of add metric method , of class perf mon agent connector .", "test of method , of class perf mon agent connector .", "test of set add metric method , of class perf mon agent connector .", "test of metric metric method , of class perf mon agent connector .", "test of add add method , of class perf mon agent connector ."]
["checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified class name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal class name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal in class name .", "checks an name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified class name ."]
["returns the write concern result that caused the exception .", "returns the write write concern that caused the exception .", "returns the write result that caused the exception .", "returns the write result concern that caused the exception .", "returns the result concern that caused the exception ."]
["note that the order of extracted property / field values is consistent with the iteration order of the list under test .", "note that the order of extracted property / field values is consistent with the list order of the array under test .", "note that the list of extracted property / field values is consistent with the iteration list of the array under test .", "list that the order of extracted property / field values is consistent with the iteration order of the array under test .", "note that the order of extracted property / field values is list with the iteration order of the array under test ."]
["keys # got dolphin fish", "keys # does _ fish", "keys # got _ fish", "keys # got does fish", "keys # dolphin _ fish"]
["input : ( path , following symlinks )", "input : ( path , following , symlinks )", "input : ( path , object _ symlinks )", "input : ( path , following symlinks )", "input : ( path , following symlinks )"]
["adds entries theirs history to .", "adds entries theirs history to .", "adds entries history to partition .", "returns entries with theirs history to partition p .", "adds entries with theirs history ."]
["shifts the focus to the next element .", "shifts the focus .", "shifts the focus to the element .", "shifts the next element .", "shifts the focus to the next element ."]
["creates a constraint summing weights given by a set of indices : sumweights [ i - offset ] | i in indices = sum", "creates a constraint summing weights given sumweights [ i - offset ] | i in indices = sum", "creates a constraint summing weights given by a set of indices : sumweights [ i - elements ] | i in indices = sum", "creates a constraint summing weights given : sumweights [ i - offset ] | i in indices = sum", "creates a constraint summing weights given by a set of indices : sumweights [ i - 0 ] | i in indices = sum"]
["return the buffer that apply history view ddl is written to .", "return the buffer that apply view history ddl is written to .", "return the buffer that history view history ddl is written to .", "return the buffer that apply view ddl is written to .", "return the buffer that apply apply view ddl is written to ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . file client . begin copy # string - map", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . file client . # string - map", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . file begin . start copy # string - map", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . file client . string - map", "snippet com . azure . begin . file . file client . start copy # string - map"]
["load a single component by adding all its classpath entries to the classloader", "load a single component by adding all its classpath entries to the classloader .", "load a component by adding all its classpath entries to the classloader", "load a single component to the classloader", "load a single component entries to the classloader"]
["remove select events , do so via # remove event ( core event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # remove event ( event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # remove event ( core event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # core event ( base event ) .", "remove select events , do so via event ( base event ) ."]
["does this time interval contain the specified millisecond instant .", "does this time interval contain the specified instant .", "does this time interval contain the millisecond instant .", "does this time interval contain the specified millisecond instant or %UNK% .", "does this time interval contain the specified millisecond instant and %UNK% ."]
["converts this pojo to a work info .", "converts this pojo to a work info .", "converts this pojo to a work .", "converts this pojo to a info status .", "converts this pojo to a work info ."]
["generates view from tiles with render layer # default .", "generates view from tiles with render layer # default .", "generates view from tiles with render layer # top .", "generates view from tiles with render layer # .", "generates view from tiles with default layer # top ."]
["only use this operation if the canceled flag of a", "important : only use this operation if the canceled flag of a respond activity .", "important : only use this operation if the canceled flag of a respond task .", "important : only use this operation if the canceled flag of a amazon elastic .", "important : only use this operation if the canceled flag of a amazon"]
["returns partition cache page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns partition cache sizes page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns partition counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns cache counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns cache sizes counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes ."]
["execute the tasks concurrently using threads when executor service was initiated by someone else .", "execute the tasks using threads when executor was initiated by someone else .", "execute the tasks using threads when executor initiated by someone else .", "execute the service concurrently using threads when executor service was initiated by someone else .", "set the tasks concurrently using threads when executor service was initiated by someone else ."]
["returns the som double grid .", "returns the som map .", "returns the som map grid .", "returns the map grid .", "returns the som ] grid ."]
["re - create the fragment adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account", "re - create the fragment adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account", "re - create the fragment adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account", "re - create the fragment adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account", "re - create the adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account"]
["snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key with vault response # byte - context", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key with backup response # byte - context", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore backup key with response # byte - context", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore vault key with response # byte - context", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key with vault key response # byte - context"]
["sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the scope scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope .", "returns the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on server ."]
["list a specified feedback .", "list a specified feedback entry .", "feedback a specified feedback entry .", "list a specified entry .", "a specified feedback entry ."]
["test of set transport method , of class new agent connector .", "test of set transport type method , of class new agent connector .", "test of set transport method , of class new agent connector .", "test of set metric transport method , of class new agent connector .", "test of metric transport method , of class new agent connector ."]
["removes the extension from a file name .", "removes the extension from a file .", "removes the extension from a name name .", "removes the extension from file name .", "removes the extension from an file name ."]
["attempts to read data from the given data holder and fills the associated data onto this mutable .", "attempts to read data from the given value and fills the associated data onto this mutable .", "attempts to data from the given data value and fills the associated data onto this mutable .", "attempts to read data from the given copy and fills the associated data onto this mutable .", "to read data from the given data value and fills the associated data onto this mutable ."]
["thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through scheduling propagating middlemen : one of these exists for each", "thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through dependency propagating middlemen : one of these exists for each", "thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through error scheduling middlemen : one of these exists for each", "thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through error propagating middlemen : one of these exists for each", "thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through error dependency middlemen : one of these exists for each"]
["code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download options ,", "code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download options retry ,", "code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range ,", "code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range , options ,", "code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range , download retry options ,"]
["ioexception will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body .", "ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body .", "ioe ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body .", "will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body .", "throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body ."]
["returns gap between menu icon and split part sides .", "returns gap between menu icon and menu part sides .", "returns gap between menu icon and menu part sides .", "returns gap between menu icon part sides .", "returns gap icon and split part sides ."]
["delete file system node # # # functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) .", "node # # functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) .", "node # functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) .", "delete file system node functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) .", "node functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) ."]
["returns an immutable view of a given list .", "returns an view view of a given list .", "returns a view of a given list .", "returns an view of a given list .", "returns an immutable view of a given list ."]
["method return current instance of browser up proxy", "method return current instance of browser proxy", "method return current instance of up mob proxy", "method return current instance of browser up proxy", "method return current instance of browser up proxy"]
["main is the entry point to execute high level ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the status of the server .", "main is the entry point to execute high level ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the client of the server .", "main is the entry point to execute high admin ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the status of the server .", "main is the entry point to execute high client ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the status of the server .", "main is the entry point to execute admin ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the status of the server ."]
["returns a tracked device pose view of the device pose field .", "returns device pose view of the standing tracked device pose field .", "returns a tracked device pose view of the tracked device pose field .", "returns a tracked device pose view of the pose field .", "returns pose view of the standing tracked device pose field ."]
["checks the dirty status of the ' signature ' field .", "checks the dirty status of prev signature ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' prev signature ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' object signature ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' client signature ' field ."]
["listen for web socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching handlers", "listen for socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching handlers", "listen for web socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching handlers .", "listen for web socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching http", "listen for http socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching handlers"]
["returns the number of open flow on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of flow sessions on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of open sessions on this connection , if the connection has been flow .", "returns the flow of open sessions on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of open sessions on this connection , if the connection has been established ."]
["create a new map consisting of a single key / value pair .", "create a new map consisting of a single key pair .", "create a new map of a single key / value pair .", "create a new map consisting of a single map / value pair .", "create a new map map of a single key / value pair ."]
["implements get configuration .", "implements get var .", "implements get .", "implements get key .", "implements returns configuration ."]
["takes vector of protocol configurations , iterates through it , creates protocol for each protocol configuration and returns all protocols in a vector .", "takes vector of configurations , iterates through it , creates for each configuration and returns all protocols in a vector .", "vector of protocol configurations , iterates through it , creates protocol for each protocol configuration and returns all protocols in a vector .", "takes vector of protocol configurations , iterates through it , creates protocol for protocol configuration and returns all protocols in a vector .", "takes vector of protocol configurations , iterates through it , creates protocol for the protocol configuration and returns all protocols in a vector ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["creates an fx swap using decimal forward points .", "creates an decimal fx swap using forward points .", "creates an fx swap using forward rate .", "creates an fx swap using using decimal points .", "creates an fx swap using forward points ."]
["returns the property value of the given property .", "returns the base value of the given property .", "returns the value of the given property .", "returns the key value of the given property .", "returns the base value of the given property ."]
["adopt the return type .", "adopt the return type from the specified expression to this expression .", "adopt the returns type and size from the specified expression to this expression .", "adopt the return type to this expression .", "adopt the return expr and size from the specified expression to this expression ."]
["given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the eam db and builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the eam db and builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the db and builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .", "given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the db builds maps of obj id to md5 and ."]
["returns the . async iface or . iface implementations .", "returns the . async iface or . iface iterable .", "returns the . async iface or . iface implementations .", "returns the . implementations iface or . iface implementation .", "returns the . iterable iface or . iface implementation ."]
["this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified properties of versions .", "this will return the key keys with properties of key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return properties of the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return the key keys with key material properties of the specified versions ."]
["returns the media of the passed media id in the current media list", "returns the model of the passed media id in the current media list", "returns the index of the passed media id in the current media list", "", "id in the current media"]
["returns the new value .", "returns the new value of the event .", "returns the new value of the event value .", "returns the value of the event source .", "returns the new value of the value source ."]
["files that are not in the given class are loaded from classpath .", "files are loaded from classpath .", "files the given directory are loaded from .", "this method that are not in the given directory are loaded from classpath .", "files from classpath ."]
["this method arranges all the trial trials to run according to their scheduling criteria .", "this method arranges all the scheduled trial trials to run according to their scheduling criteria .", "this method arranges all the trials to run according to their scheduling criteria .", "this method arranges all the trials to run according to their scheduling criteria", "this method arranges all the experiments trial trials to run according to their scheduling criteria ."]
["sets the value of the ' value type ' field", "sets the value of the type field", "sets the value of the ' value ' field", "sets the value of the type ' field", "sets the of the ' type ' field"]
["get percentage .", "get rechnung .", "get big decimal .", "get replicas .", "get menge ."]
["returns an abstract type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all nested udts explicitly frozen and all collections in udts explicitly frozen .", "returns an abstract type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all multicell udts explicitly frozen and all collections in udts explicitly frozen .", "returns an type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all nested udts explicitly frozen and all collections in udts explicitly frozen .", "returns abstract type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all nested udts explicitly frozen and all collections in udts explicitly frozen .", "returns an abstract type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all nested multicell explicitly frozen and all collections in multicell explicitly frozen ."]
["keep the connection open if we are asked to do so .", "keep the response open if we are asked to do so .", "keep the open if we are asked to do so .", "response the connection open if we are asked to do so .", "keep the connection open if we are response to do so ."]
["gets the value of the ' cf name ' field .", "gets the value of the ' _ name ' field .", "gets the value of cf _ name ' field .", "gets the value of the ' cf ' field .", "gets the value of the ' cf name ' ."]
["after that all entries will be inserted into a new bib database .", "after that all entries will be inserted into a new entries database .", "after that all entries will be inserted into a new database .", "after that all entries will be inserted into a new bib database .", "after that all entries will be inserted into a new ."]
["estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request", "estimate reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request ,"]
["this is useful in situations when it is necessary to access an instance variable that is out of scope .", "this is useful in situations when it is necessary to access an instance that is out of scope .", "this is useful in situations when it is necessary to access instance variable that is out of scope .", "this is useful in situations when it is necessary to access an instance variable that is out of scope .", "this is useful situations when it is necessary to access an instance variable that is out of scope ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sets the default sslhost ssl host name .", "sets the default ssl host config name .", "sets the default sslhost ssl name .", "sets the default config name .", "sets the default ssl config name ."]
["get certain resource - level histograms based on given arguments .", "get certain resource histograms based on given arguments .", "get certain resource based on given arguments .", "get certain resource - level histograms based on given arguments .", "get certain resource on given arguments ."]
["default is 3600 sec 24h", "default is 3600 sec = 24h", "default is 3600 = 24h", "default is 3600 %UNK% = 24h", "default is sec = 24h"]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["the indices of this time series and the new subset time series can be different .", "the indices of this base time series and the new subset time series can be different .", "the base indices of this time series and the new subset time series can be different .", "the indices of this time is series and the new subset time series can be different .", "the indices of this time base series and the new subset time series can be different ."]
["decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile .", "decode an action profile member to pi action profile member .", "decode an action profile member to pi action member .", "decode an profile profile member to pi profile group member ."]
["casts the date time to @ chrono zoned date time impl with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to date chrono zoned date time impl with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to chrono date time impl with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ zoned date time impl with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ chrono zoned date time impl with the same date ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance from the specified fra name .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["returns the program id of the program who emit this message .", "returns the program id of the entity who emit this message .", "returns the program id of the program who emit this message .", "returns the program id of the program who emit this message .", "the returns program id of the entity who emit this message ."]
["standard getter for the rightward type string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the rightward string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the type label string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the rightward type string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the rightward type string for this relationship type ."]
["\" skolemize \" : node to iri else return node unchanged .", "\" skolemize \" : blank node to iri else return node unchanged .", "\" skolemize \" : blank node to factory else return node unchanged .", "\" skolemize \" : blank node to iri return node unchanged .", "\" skolemize \" : factory node to iri else return node unchanged ."]
["set is ordered .", "set ordered .", "set ordered ordered .", "set is .", "set bestelldatum ."]
["this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / difference and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will difference the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the margin between the difference \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the margin between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret ."]
["creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "returns query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "creates query that searches for query contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query .", "creates query that searches for contacts which match a specific query pattern ."]
["a voice cannot migrate from one part to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions .", "migrate from one part to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions .", "a voice cannot migrate from one measure to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions .", "a measure cannot migrate from one part to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions .", "measure cannot migrate from one part to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions ."]
["applies the optimization to all subqueries .", "applies the optimization to the subqueries .", "applies the optimization .", "applies a optimization to all subqueries .", "applies the optimization to a subqueries ."]
["deletes the running state from the remote runtime table .", "deletes the running state from the remote runtime transaction .", "deletes the running state from the remote runtime run .", "deletes the running state from the remote table dataset .", "deletes the running state from the remote run dataset ."]
["get key column name with consideration of synonym", "gets key column name with consideration of synonym", "get key column name", "returns key column name with consideration of synonym", "get list column name with consideration of synonym"]
["get search key .", "get token search key .", "get token key .", "get get token key .", "get search key token ."]
["initialize the event tracker ' s timer task .", "initialize the event tracker ' s task .", "initialize the event tracker .", "initialize the event tracker ' s task .", "initialize the event tracker ' s event task ."]
["returns the next cp .", "returns the next character .", "returns the next codepoint .", "returns the character .", "deletes the next character ."]
["extend the path by appending two number objects .", "extend the path by two child number objects .", "extend the path by appending two child number objects .", "extend the path by appending two children number objects .", "extend the path by appending two child objects ."]
["find or create the best variable to use for a parameter we need to rewrite .", "find or create the variable name to use for a parameter we need to rewrite .", "find the best name to use for a parameter we need to rewrite .", "find or create the best name to use for a variable we need to rewrite .", "find or create the variable to use for a parameter we need to rewrite ."]
["get the hadoop application id from the job log .", "get the application / spark application id from the job log .", "get the ids / spark application id from the job log .", "get the hadoop from the job log .", "get the hadoop / spark application ids from the job log ."]
["both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .", "both file are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( file ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # equals ( string ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # file ( string ) ."]
["returns true if the package contain the target class has been opened for illegal access .", "returns true if the module contain the target class has been opened for illegal access .", "returns true if the package contain the module class has been opened for illegal access .", "returns true if the pn contain the target class has been opened for illegal access .", "returns true contain the target ."]
["test of get method , of class lru cache .", "test of get method , of class cache .", "test of get method , of class", "test of get method , of class test cache .", "test of get method , of class ."]
["to match the node n the supplier must supply a label schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .", "to match the node n the supplier must supply a such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d ."]
["however , that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in", ", that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in", "that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in", ", however , that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in", ", that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in"]
["decorates services matches the specified route .", "services whose route matches the specified route .", "decorates whose route matches the specified route .", "decorates http whose route matches the specified route .", "decorates services route matches the specified route ."]
["get the agg call correspond to the aggregate expression .", "get the call correspond to the aggregate expression .", "returns the agg call correspond to the aggregate expression .", "get the returns call correspond to the aggregate expression .", "gets the agg call correspond to the aggregate expression ."]
["api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : host - port / : - > dump profile .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : host - port / - > dump profile .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : host - port / : timeout - > dump profile .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : host - port / : dump profile .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : - port : timeout - > dump profile ."]
["send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning all accumulated output since the last call to either or", "send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning all ack output since the last call to either or", "send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning all output since the last call to either or", "send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning all wait output since the last call to either or", "send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning an output since the last call to either or"]
["get injection manager .", "get manager .", "get instance manager .", "get injection injection manager .", "get injection manager"]
["attaches an application created from a wadl description document available at a given uri reference .", "attaches an application created from a swagger description document available at a given uri reference .", "attaches an application created from a wadl swagger document available at a given uri reference .", "attaches an application created from a wadl description document available at a given swagger reference .", "attaches an application created from an swagger description document available at a given uri reference ."]
["returns concatenated uid for a period or window in a child timeline .", "returns period or window uid for a period in a child timeline .", "returns concatenated period or window for a period in a child timeline .", "returns concatenated uid for a period in a period or window timeline .", "returns concatenated uid for a child or window in a child timeline ."]
["get the instance manager .", "get the instance manager locator .", "get the instance .", "get the service instance manager .", "get the instance locator ."]
["or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found ."]
["tests for the base file system # set attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute options ) method .", "tests for the base file system attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # set attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute ) method .", "tests for the base file system # set attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute poptions ) method ."]
["creates job spec from the avro job spec record .", "creates job spec from the job spec record .", "creates job spec from the job job spec record .", "creates job spec from the avro job spec record .", "creates job spec from the record ."]
["decorates services whose route matches the specified pattern .", "services whose route matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the path pattern .", "decorates whose route matches the specified path pattern ."]
["if no pool exists .", "if no pool exists , throw an exception .", "if no pool exists , throw a .", "if no pool exists , throw a async .", ", throw an exception ."]
["registers a new listener with the specified activation method to listen events generated by this component .", "registers a new listener with the specified object method to listen events generated by this component .", "registers a new listener with the specified method to listen events generated by this component .", "registers a new listener to listen events generated by this component .", "add a new listener with the specified activation method to listen events generated by this component ."]
["answer the ( alleged most - specific ) types of the object that could not be constructed .", "answer the ( alleged most - specific ) types of the object that could not be constructed .", "answer the ( alleged most - specific ) type of the types that could not be constructed .", "answer the ( alleged most - specific ) types that could not be constructed .", "answer the ( alleged most - types ) type of the object that could not be constructed ."]
["create and display the initial view .", "create and display the initial view .", "create and display the view .", "create and display the initial view .", "create and display the initial ."]
["decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0 .", "decreases count by decrement and de - allocates this object if reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object reference count reaches 0"]
["note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block .", "space : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", ": returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct formatter"]
["returns a file path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given file .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a file to access to the given resource ."]
["this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the difference difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .", "this will set the differences between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret ."]
["sets the value of the ' public ports ' field .", "sets the value of the ' public string ' field .", "sets the value of the ' ports port ' field .", "sets the value of the ' public port ' field .", "sets the value of the ' public ' field ."]
["submits a request to cache the given id .", "submits a request to cache the given async .", "submits a request to cache the block id .", "submits a request to cache the .", "submits a request to cache the given async id ."]
["gets the text .", "gets the example text .", "gets the .", "gets the sets text .", "returns the example text ."]
["acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "%UNK% a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the pool ; returns one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the %UNK% ; create one if it doesn ' t exist ."]
["each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got with packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # , that means receiver have got block ."]
["sets the event handlers this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the handlers listeners this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the handlers listeners this handlers handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the event handlers this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the event this event handler invoker will forward all its events to ."]
["this method always returns true when invoked on an unnamed module .", "this method always returns true when invoked on an service module .", "this method always returns true when service on an unnamed module .", "this method always returns true when invoked on a module .", "this method always returns true when invoked on a service module ."]
["gets exception name .", "returns exception name .", "gets name name .", "gets name .", "gets exception name ."]
["for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the get transform action", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the", "for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action ."]
["uninstalls menu button mouseover listener .", "uninstalls button mouseover listener .", "uninstalls menu mouseover listener .", "uninstalls %UNK% button mouseover listener .", "uninstalls menu button listener ."]
["string values used to compile the uri for a discord request .", "route values used to compile the uri for a discord request .", "string values used to compile the uri for a", "values used to compile the uri for a discord request .", "string values used to compile the uri for a request ."]
["return the members of visible constant fields for the given type element .", "return the list of visible constant fields for the given type element .", "return the list of visible constant fields for the given type element .", "return the list of visible constant fields for the given type element .", "return the list visible constant fields for the given type element ."]
["the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor , cursor", "the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor", "the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor ,", "the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor )", "the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor , cursor"]
["integration testing without a server targeting the given web handler .", "integration testing without a server targeting the given mock handler .", "integration testing without a server targeting the given web server handler .", "integration testing without a server targeting the given mock server handler .", "integration testing without a server targeting the given web server spec handler ."]
["does not response if feedback session exists .", "does not checks if feedback session exists .", "does not returns if feedback session exists .", "does not create if feedback session exists .", "does not returns if feedback session exists ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for secret and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["adds app as system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose", "adds system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose", "adds word app as system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose", "adds app system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose", "adds all programs app as system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose"]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local date time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of date time .", "this factory converts the date - time object to an instance of local date time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of time ."]
["adds a warning message to the message set .", "returns a warning message to the message set .", "adds a message to the message set .", "adds the warning message to the message set .", "adds warning message to the message set ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details ."]
["set the overwrite .", "set the .", "add the overwrite .", "set the set .", "set the overwrite ."]
["try to connect the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided preceding part .", "try to connect the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided part .", "try to the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided preceding part .", "try to get the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided preceding part .", "try to cross the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided preceding part ."]
["fixme does not use [ from time , to time , or period ] .", "does not use [ from time , to time , or period ] .", "fixme does use [ from time , to time , or period ] .", "fixme does not use from time , to time , or period ] .", "fixme does not use [ , to time , or period ] ."]
["tests the creation of a file via the base file system # create file ( alluxio uri , create file poptions ) method .", "tests the creation of a file via the base file system # create file ( alluxio uri , create file ptype ) method .", "tests the creation of a poptions via the base poptions system # create poptions ( alluxio uri , create poptions options ) method .", "tests the creation of a file via the poptions file system # create file ( alluxio uri , create file options ) method .", "tests the creation of a file via the base file system # poptions file ( alluxio uri , poptions file options ) method ."]
["this method must be invoked for each cache that uses protobuf .", "this method must be invoked for the cache that uses protobuf .", "this method must be invoked for cache that uses protobuf .", "this method must be invoked that uses protobuf .", "this method must be invoked for each cache protobuf ."]
["need hibernate to be database .", "need database to be initialized .", "need to be initialized .", "need hibernate to be .", "hibernate to be initialized ."]
["measures the performance of string dictionary lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to random indices .", "measures the performance of string dictionary lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to dictionary indices .", "measures the performance of string lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to random indices .", "measures the performance of dictionary dictionary lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to random indices .", "dictionary the performance of string dictionary lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to random indices ."]
["rsa key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa options key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa options key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa key create options # get not before ( create ) not before values are optional ."]
["accept ( case - sensitively ) the given phrases even though they are not in the built - in dictionary .", "accept ( case - sensitively ) the given phrases though they are not in the built - in dictionary .", "note : accept ( case - sensitively ) the given phrases even though they are not in the built - in dictionary .", "accept ( case - sensitively ) if it exists the given phrases even though they are not in the built - in dictionary .", "accept ( case - sensitively ) in the given thread the given phrases even though they are not in the built - in dictionary ."]
["creates a int for the specified decimal .", "creates a for the specified decimal .", "creates an iterator .", "creates an int for the specified decimal .", "creates the specified decimal ."]
["gets the type .", "gets the node type .", "gets the type type .", "gets node type .", "returns the node type ."]
["get authentication settings # # # functional description : dracoon authentication configuration entry point .", "returns authentication settings # # # functional description : dracoon authentication configuration entry point .", "get authentication settings dracoon authentication configuration entry point .", "get authentication settings # # # functional auth : dracoon authentication configuration entry point .", "settings # # functional description : dracoon authentication configuration entry point ."]
["traverse the coder tree and wrap the first unknown coder in every branch with a length prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself a length prefix coder .", "recursively traverse the coder tree and wrap the first unknown coder in every branch with a length prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself a length prefix coder .", "recursively traverse the coder tree and wrap the first unknown coder in every branch with prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself length prefix coder .", "recursively traverse the coder tree and wrap the first unknown coder in every branch with a prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself a length prefix coder .", "recursively traverse the coder tree in every branch with a length prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself a length prefix coder ."]
["a semigroup def for binary products .", "a semigroup .", "a semigroup for binary products .", "a semigroup for p2 products .", "a semigroup for binary semigroup def ."]
["test proxy implementing interfaces in a module layer defined in an unnamed module", "test proxy implementing interfaces in a layer defined in an unnamed module module", "test proxy implementing interfaces in a module defined in an unnamed module", "test proxy implementing interfaces in a layer defined in an unnamed module", "test proxy implementing interfaces in a module module defined in an unnamed module"]
["checks whether two filenames are equal exactly .", "checks whether two file are equal exactly .", "checks whether two filenames are file exactly .", "checks whether two filenames are equal .", "checks whether file filenames are equal exactly ."]
["the subtraction of a duration is always absolute .", "the subtraction of the duration is always absolute and zone - resolvers are not required .", "the subtraction of a duration is always absolute - resolvers are not required .", "the subtraction of a duration is always absolute and amount - resolvers are not required .", "the subtraction of a duration is always absolute - resolvers ."]
["the specified db security group must not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified security group must not be associated with any instances .", "note : the specified db security group must not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified db security group not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified db group must not be associated with any db instances ."]
["returns an immutable list containing two elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing two elements .", "returns a list containing two elements .", "returns an list containing two elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing two elements ."]
["if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a app glide module , write the", "if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a glide module , write the", "if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a root app module , write the", "if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a root glide module , write the", "if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a app module , write the"]
["gets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field", "gets the value of the ' _ quorum ' field", "gets the value of the ' quorum ' field", "gets the value of the ' zk ' field", "gets the value of the ' zk quorum '"]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro aware manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of context aware manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of context wro manager factory ."]
["custom comparators are used by diff algorithm to calculate property - to - property diff .", "custom comparators are used by diff algorithm to calculate property - to - property diff .", "custom comparators are used by the diff algorithm to calculate property - to - property diff .", "custom comparators are used by diff custom to calculate property - to - property diff .", "custom comparators are used by custom algorithm to calculate property - to - property diff ."]
["initializes the database context , based on the initial servlet context .", "initializes the context , based on the initial servlet context .", "initializes the database context .", "initializes the database context , based on the initial .", "initializes the database context"]
["group may look up files / folders in the recycle bin .", "user / group may look up files in the recycle bin .", "user may look up files / folders in the recycle bin .", "user / group may up files folders in the recycle bin .", "user / group may look up folders in the recycle bin ."]
["parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market stream .", "parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market ."]
["this recursive method follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current block without following any jsr target .", "this method follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current block without following any jsr target .", "this recursive method follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current without following any jsr target .", "the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current block without following any jsr target .", "follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current block without following any jsr target ."]
["tests if the specified is newer than the specified time reference .", "tests if the specified is newer than the specified time .", "tests if the is newer than the time reference .", "tests if the specified is newer than the specified time file .", "returns if the specified is newer than the specified time reference ."]
["builds a graphite sender reporter with the given properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client .", "builds a graphite reporter with the given properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client .", "builds a sender graphite reporter with the given properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client .", "builds a graphite reporter sender with the given properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client .", "builds graphite reporter with the a graphite sender properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client ."]
["draws the ivalue of the given entry by using the provided ivalue formatter .", "draws the value of the given entry by using the ivalue formatter .", "draws the value of the given entry by using the provided ivalue formatter .", "draws the value of the given entry by using the ivalue value formatter .", "draws the value of the given entry by using the formatter ."]
["returns a random db name temporary name for the specified database .", "returns a db path temporary name for the specified database .", "returns a db temporary name for the specified database .", "returns a random name for the specified database .", "returns a db name temporary name for the specified database ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date information .", "accessor represents some form of date and time information ."]
["tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .", "tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it at a different time .", "normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one of the read cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos feed response of the read cosmos users .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos response of the read cosmos users ."]
["if object \" a \" is unregistered , b , c also must get unregistered .", "if object \" a \" is unregistered , b also must get unregistered .", "if parent \" a \" is unregistered , b , c also must get unregistered .", "if object \" the \" is unregistered , b , c also must get unregistered .", "a \" is unregistered , b , c also must get unregistered ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["optionally return metrics that this component reports , or null .", "optionally return metrics snapshot that this component reports , or null .", "optionally return metrics that this component reports .", "optionally return snapshot that this component reports , or null .", "optionally return metrics that this component reports"]
["if any field binding validator fails , no values are saved and is returned .", "if any write binding validator fails , no values are saved and is returned .", "if any field write validator fails , no values are saved and is returned .", "if any field validator fails , no values are saved and is returned .", "if any bean binding validator fails , no values are saved and is returned ."]
["id of the room in which the individual rooms for users will be created .", "id of the in which the individual rooms for users will be created .", "id of the room in which the individual [ deprecated for users will be created .", "id of the room in which the individual [ for users will be created .", "id of the room in which the deprecated individual rooms for users will be created ."]
["waits during timeout until specified element contains expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element contains the specified expected .", "waits during timeout until specified element contains the specified expected text .", "waits during timeout element contains the specified expected text .", "waits during timeout specified element contains the specified expected text ."]
["renders and displays the preview of a tab .", "renders and displays the content view of a tab .", "renders and displays the preview view of a tab .", "renders and displays the content of a tab .", "renders and displays the child preview of a tab ."]
["create a generic transaction status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate .", "generic a new transaction status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate .", "create a transaction status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate .", "create a new generic status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate .", "create an generic status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate ."]
["extracts the google . rpc . status from trailers , and makes sure they match the g rpc status .", "extracts the google . rpc . status from trailers , and makes sure they match the", "extracts the google . rpc . status from trailers , and makes sure they match the rpc status", "returns the google . rpc . status from trailers , and makes sure they match the g rpc status .", "extracts status from trailers , and makes sure they match the g rpc status ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . certificate issuer # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . operation issuer # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . cancel issuer # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . cancel # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . cancel certificate # string - string"]
["conditionally update the # service table ref iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # table ref table iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service table iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service ref iff it does not exist or is empty ."]
["value the value to set .", "repr value the value to set .", "@ value the value to set .", "@ param value the value to set .", "repr the value to set ."]
["get the edu . stanford . nlp . languages . language object corresponding to the given language string .", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . international . language object corresponding to the given language string .", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . international language object corresponding to the given language string", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . language object corresponding to the given language string", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . international language object corresponding to the given language string ."]
["lfactorial of factorial of n", "log of factorial of lfactorial", "factorial of lfactorial", "log of factorial of lfactorial", "log of factorial of negative"]
["validate metadata properties .", "metadata properties and return whether any properties are present .", "validate and return whether any properties are present .", "validate metadata properties and return whether any properties are present .", "validate properties and return whether any properties are present ."]
["runs the command .", "runs the execute with the given args .", "returns the command with the given args .", "runs the command with the given args .", "execute the command with the given args ."]
["helper method for validate thread local method , runs", "helper method for validate thread local method , runs recursively", "helper method for validate thread local method", "helper method for validate local method , runs recursively", "helper method for validate thread local method"]
["checks a file name to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive .", "checks a file to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive .", "checks an file name to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive .", "checks an file to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive .", "checks a to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive ."]
["test edge ngram filter factory", "test edge filter factory", "test ngram filter factory", "test edge ngram filter factory .", "test %UNK% ngram filter factory"]
["calls plugin # will before property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # before declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # will declare before ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["get prepayment .", "get warehouse .", "get prepayment .", "get rechnung .", "get untergruppe ."]
["sets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field", "sets the value of the ' zk ' field", "sets the value of the ' quorum ' field", "sets the value of the ' _ quorum ' field", "sets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field"]
["sets a metadata property for the specified metadata id .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity id .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata .", "sets a metadata property for the specified metadata entity id ."]
["create a new builder .", "create a builder for creating retrofit implementations .", "returns a new builder for creating retrofit implementations .", "create an builder for creating retrofit implementations .", "create a new builder for creating retrofit client ."]
["takes a batch of work from the queue and processes them .", "takes a batch of works from the queue and processes them .", "takes a batch of workset from the queue and processes them .", "takes a batch of tasks from the work and processes them .", "takes a batch of tasks from the works and processes them ."]
["redshift sources belonging to your aws account .", "for more information , see amazon redshift sources belonging to your aws account .", "redshift sources belonging to your aws account", "sources belonging to your aws account .", "belonging to your aws account ."]
["sets the digest algorithm - currently only sha and ripemd160 is supported .", "sets the digest - currently only sha and ripemd160 is supported .", "sets the digest algorithm - currently only sha is supported .", "sets the digest algorithm - currently only sha .", "sets the digest method - currently only sha and ripemd160 is supported ."]
["at present this only tries to avoid adding a straight quote to a sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence .", "at present this only tries to avoid adding the straight quote to the sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence .", "at present this only tries to avoid adding an straight quote to an sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence .", "at present this only tries to avoid adding an quote to a sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence .", "at count this only tries to avoid adding a straight quote to a sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence ."]
["validate that the key is not reserved metadata constants # tags _ key .", "validate that the key is not reserved metadata # tags _ key .", "validate that the key is not reserved metadata constants # tags _ key .", "validate that the key is not reserved metadata constants # constants _ key .", "validate that the key is not reserved metadata dataset # tags _ key ."]
["remote start and servers for every test , or once for the entire test suite of tests .", "remote servers and stop for every test , or once for the entire test suite of tests .", "remote start and servers for each for every test , or once for the entire test suite of tests .", "remote start and servers for each test for every test , or once for the entire test suite of tests .", "remote start and stop for every test , or servers for the entire test suite of tests ."]
["use # process keys with existing mapping ( com . intellij . util . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings", "use # process keys with existing mapping ( intellij . util . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings", "use # process keys with existing mapping ( com . intellij . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings", "use # process keys with existing mapping ( util . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings", "use # process keys with existing mapping ( intellij . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings"]
["the type for the # get entity entity .", "the descriptor for the # get entity entity .", "the type descriptor for the # get entity entity .", "the descriptor descriptor for the # get entity entity .", "the for the # get descriptor entity ."]
["decimal modulus involves at least one decimal operand and requires both operands to have exact numeric types .", "the the decimal modulus involves at least the decimal decimal operand and requires both operands to have exact numeric types .", "decimal modulus involves at type one decimal operand and requires both operands to have exact numeric types .", "decimal modulus involves at least one decimal operand to have exact numeric .", "decimal modulus involves at decimal one decimal operand and requires both operands to have exact numeric types ."]
["represent a zone with a fake 86400 .", "represent a zone with a 86400 email .", "represent a zone with a fake .", "86400 a zone with a fake email .", "fits a zone with a fake email ."]
["whether to group the rest resources .", "whether to group the rest resources .", "whether to group the rest resources together .", "whether to group the rest resources .", "rest resources together ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["provider - person - names", "provider", "provider that are not voided )", "provider )", "expression"]
["returns the permission of the given type associated with the given user , if it exists .", "retrieves the permission of the given type associated with the given user .", "retrieves the has of the given type associated with the given user , if it exists .", "retrieves the permission of the given type associated with the given user , if it exists .", "retrieves the given type associated with the given user , if it exists ."]
["please delete the existing keypair .", "please delete the existing keypair first .", "user delete the existing keypair first .", "set delete the existing keypair first .", "please delete the user keypair first ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation .", "returns the patch rest operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the patch operation operation for the replace operation , based on the operation path ."]
["returns the special directory object corresponding to the given directory , creating it and its parents as needed .", "returns the special directory object corresponding to the given file , creating it and its parents as needed .", "returns the directory directory object corresponding to the given file , creating it and its parents as needed .", "returns the directory object corresponding to the given file , creating it and its parents as needed .", "returns the special directory object corresponding to the given file ."]
["returns an immutable map containing keys and values extracted from the given entries .", "returns an unmodifiable containing keys and values extracted from the given entries .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing keys and values extracted from the given entries .", "returns an map containing keys and values extracted from the given entries .", "returns a map containing keys and values extracted from the given entries ."]
["create a lazy pqueue x from a stream", "create a lazy persistent pqueue x from a stream", "create a lazy queue x from a stream", "create a lazy queue pqueue from a stream", "create a lazy pqueue x from a stream ."]
["there must be exactly one bd # search predicate .", "there must be exactly one # search predicate .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate or uri .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate and uri .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate , uri ."]
["load the given library with the specified class loader", "load the given library with the specified lang . class loader", "load the given library with the specified java . lang . class loader", "load the given library with the specified java . lang . class loader writer", "load the given library with the specified java . lang . loader"]
["gets for resource set .", "gets policy for resource set .", "gets delete for resource set .", "gets policy .", "returns policy for resource set ."]
["no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison .", "no processing is performed on the file other than comparison .", "no processing is file on the filenames other than comparison .", "no file is performed on the filenames other than comparison .", "no processing is performed on a filenames other than comparison ."]
["create item cosmos item response .", "create item sync item response .", "create item cosmos item item response .", "create item cosmos partition item response .", "cosmos sync item response ."]
["waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified absent text .", "waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified text .", "waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified absent .", "waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified expected absent .", "waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified absent text ."]
["set the parameters .", "add the parameters .", "returns the parameters .", "set the set .", "set the ."]
["also , appropriate directory permissions ( 777 + sticky bit , namely \" drwxrwxrwt \" ) are set .", "also , appropriate directory permissions ( 777 + bit namely \" drwxrwxrwt \" ) are set .", "also , appropriate directory permissions ( + sticky bit namely \" drwxrwxrwt \" ) are set .", "appropriate directory permissions ( 777 + sticky bit , namely \" drwxrwxrwt \" ) are set .", "also , appropriate directory permissions ( 777 sticky bit , namely \" drwxrwxrwt \" ) are set ."]
["obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified end point .", "obtain a repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "returns a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point ."]
["returns if this serial date is within the specified range ( inclusive ) .", "returns if this serial date is within the specified range .", "returns if this date is within the specified range ( inclusive ) .", "returns if this serial date is within the specified ( inclusive ) .", "returns if this jca date is within the specified range ( inclusive ) ."]
["returns the serializable properties indicator parsed from the annotation value .", "returns the serializable indicator parsed from the annotation value .", "returns the serialize serializable indicator parsed from the annotation value .", "returns the properties indicator parsed from the annotation value .", "returns the serializable properties serializable parsed from the annotation value ."]
["if the display text is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input .", "if the display is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input .", "if the text text is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input .", "if the is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input .", "if the headsign is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input ."]
["creates a module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an .", "creates a module reference to a module .", "creates the module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an exploded module ."]
["convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes if necessary .", "returns the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the profile if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes ."]
["for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the first reduction step ) we put them aside as optional glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds .", "for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the first reduction step ) we put them aside as glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds .", "for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the reduction step ) we put them aside as optional glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds .", "for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the first reduction ) we put them aside as optional glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds .", "for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the first reduction step ) we put them aside as glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds ."]
["returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in contract anno , with arguments taken from argument anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in anno , with arguments taken from argument anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in contract anno , with arguments taken from argument anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in meta contract , with arguments taken from argument anno .", "returns the annotation mirror as specified by the \" qualifier \" element in contract , with arguments taken from argument anno ."]
["same as # test module with work queue ( key factory but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue ( key factory ) but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue ( key factory , but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue key factory , but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue factory , optional ) but with default task store and key factory ."]
["tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification ( ) , starting with 1 accounts .", "tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification , starting with 1 accounts .", "tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification ( ) , starting with list accounts .", "tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification ( ) .", "tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification ( ) , starting with account accounts ."]
["returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a population", "returns the kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( population ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) population of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a skew"]
["creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # definition builder .", "creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # definition builder .", "creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # builder .", "creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # definition builder field .", "creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # field definition builder ."]
["this method extracts a registered base relay server from the dispatcher .", "this method extracts a registered base forwarder server from the dispatcher .", "this method extracts a registered base relay forwarder server from the dispatcher .", "this method extracts a registered base relay from the dispatcher .", "this method extracts a registered base relay server from the dispatcher ."]
["removes the specified properties of the metadata entity .", "removes the specified properties of the entity metadata entity .", "removes the specified properties of the namespaced entity id .", "removes the specified properties of the", "removes the specified properties of the entity id ."]
["paste the swatch data", "paste the swatch data .", "paste the data", "paste the %UNK% data", "action the swatch data"]
["note : no will be instantiated by this method .", "no will be instantiated by this method .", "note : no will be instantiated by the method .", "prop : no will be instantiated by this method .", "sheets : no will be instantiated by this method ."]
["wraps an iterator .", "wraps an iterator as the stream .", "wraps a as a stream .", "wraps an iterator stream .", "wraps an iterator as stream ."]
["the noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation but not set up anything at that moment .", "the noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation .", "the noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation at that moment .", "the noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation set up anything at that moment .", "this noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation but not set up anything at that moment ."]
["adds an unqualified \" opens \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" dynamic private opens directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens private \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens private \" directive to the declaration .", "adds an unqualified \" opens dynamic private \" directive to the declaration ."]
["find all matching tuples - a slot of node id . node id any ( or null ) means match any", "find all matching tuples - a slot of node id id any ( or null ) means match any", "find all matching tuples - a slot of node id . node id any or means match any", "find all matching tuples - a slot of node id . node id any ( or ) means match any", "find all matching tuples - a slot of . id any ( or null ) means match any"]
["this is only possible if the javax . script . script engine implementation implements javax . script . compilable .", "this is only possible if . script . script engine implementation implements javax . script . compilable .", "this is only possible if the javax script engine implementation implements javax . script . compilable .", "this is only possible if the script . script engine implementation implements script . compilable .", "this is only possible if the javax . script . script engine implements javax script . compilable ."]
["returns current seeding strategy .", "returns current strategy .", "returns seeding iseeding strategy .", "seeding current iseeding strategy .", "returns current iseeding strategy ."]
["trust all certificates and add them to the # certs _ list .", "trust all certificates and add them to the # client _ certs _ list .", "trust all certificates and add them to the # client certs list .", "trust all certificates and add them to the # _ certs _ list .", "trust all certificates and add them to the # client _ list ."]
["predict a sequence of steps output states for the given hmm model", "predict a sequence of steps output states for the given predict model using the given seed for probabilistic experiments", "predict a sequence of steps output states for the given model using the given seed for probabilistic experiments", "predict a sequence of steps output states for the given hmm model using the given seed for probabilistic experiments", "predict a sequence of steps output states for the given model model using the given seed for probabilistic experiments"]
["returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified .", "returns true if the class has the specified class .", "returns annotation if the class has the specified annotation class ."]
["returns the incarnation logical timestamp .", "returns the member logical timestamp .", "returns the member timestamp .", "returns the member incarnation timestamp .", "returns the member logical incarnation ."]
["creates a course .", "creates a attributes and an instructor for it .", "creates a course for it .", "creates a an instructor for it .", "creates a adding and an instructor for it ."]
["the request context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . request scope request .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where sync id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where dlobject id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where sync = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company = ?"]
["binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host .", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default host .", "binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the http virtual host .", "binds http the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host ."]
["searches for a storage shared key credential in the passed http pipeline .", "searches for a storage shared key credential in the passed http pipeline .", "searches for a storage shared key credential in the passed pipeline .", "searches for a storage shared key credential .", "searches for a a storage key credential in the passed http pipeline ."]
["this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . revisions # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list revisions # selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . revisions # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list revisions # selector - context"]
["test that document element . add value does not throw any exception when passing a null value .", "test that document add value . add does not throw any exception when passing a null value .", "test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a null value .", "test that value element . add does not throw any exception when passing a null value .", "test that document element add does not throw any exception when passing a null value"]
["the c to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed .", "the callback to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed .", "the c callback to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed .", "the c c to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed .", "the to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed ."]
["returns the correct io . netty . socket . server socket channel class based on channel type .", "returns the correct io . netty . channel . socket . server socket channel class based on channel", "returns the correct io . netty . channel . socket . server socket channel class based", "returns the correct io . netty . channel . socket . server socket channel class based .", "returns the correct io . netty . channel . socket . server socket channel class based on"]
["a return type signature represents the return value from a method .", "a return type represents the return value from a method .", "a return type builder represents the return value from a method .", "type signature represents the return value from a method .", "a return type signature represents the return value from a method ."]
["or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found"]
["this property is not returned if the dialog node has no previous sibling .", "this property is not returned if the dialog node has no sibling .", "this property is returned if the dialog node has no previous sibling .", "this property is not returned if the node has no previous sibling .", "this property is not returned if the dialog node has previous sibling ."]
["run the standalone zoo keeper process and the job .", "run the standalone zoo keeper process .", "run the standalone zoo keeper process and the job .", "run a zoo keeper process and the job .", "run an zoo keeper process and the job ."]
["tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while %UNK% ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to %UNK% while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills the cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play ."]
["removes all properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "removes all properties for the specified namespaced entity .", "removes all properties for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all properties for the specified namespaced id .", "removes all properties for the specified metadata id ."]
["enables all features mode in an organization .", "enables all features - control mode in an organization .", "enables all features in an organization .", "enables features - control mode in an organization .", "enables all all mode in an organization ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["check the duration as computed in this measure from its contained voices .", "check the duration as computed in this measure from its contained voices", "check the duration as computed in the measure from its contained voices , compared to its theoretical duration .", "check the duration as computed in this measure from its contained voices .", "check the duration as computed in this measure from its contained voices ."]
["set nominalmenge .", "set nominalmenge in calc .", "set calc in preiseinheit .", "set nominalmenge in invoice .", "set nominalmenge in uom ."]
["adds a filter query .", "adds the filter query .", "adds a filter .", "adds a filter query .", "adds a query ."]
["creates a valid table operation operation .", "creates a table operation aggregate operation .", "creates a valid table operation .", "creates a table aggregate operation .", "creates a valid table operation operation ."]
["returns true if the given instruction belongs to this list .", "returns true if the given element belongs to this list .", "returns true if the given current flush belongs to this list .", "returns true if the given current belongs to this list .", "returns true if the given abstract belongs to this list ."]
["whether this codec is capable of encoding the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of encoding the given type .", "whether this codec is capable of accepts the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of class the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of java the given java type ."]
["this will return the key key with key material included of its latest version .", "this will return the key key with key material included of its properties version .", "this will return the key key with key material included of its latest properties .", "this will return the properties of key key with key material included of its latest version .", "this will return the key key with key material properties of its latest version ."]
["this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s .", "this method should be called before reusing same phaser list between several s .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s current .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several reusing current .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several same current ."]
["gets whether the user can sort this column .", "returns whether the user can sort this column or not .", "gets whether the sortable can sort this column or not .", "gets whether the user can sort this column .", "gets whether the user can sort the column or not ."]
["the returned language reference is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned language language is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned language lookup is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned language is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .", "the returned language language reference is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast ."]
["amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a read only set", "amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a read only hash", "amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a read only set set", "amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a set only list", "amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a read only set"]
["returns the folder with the primary key or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the folder with the primary key or throws a mail no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the folder with the primary key or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found", "returns the folder with the primary key liferay . mail . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the folder with the primary key or throws mail . no such folder exception if it could not be found ."]
["computes the coverage percentage for a given , over a subset of the available source files .", "computes the coverage percentage for a given metric .", "computes the coverage percentage for a given over a subset of the available source files .", "computes the coverage percentage for a given metric , over a subset of the available source files .", "computes the coverage percentage , over a subset of the available source ."]
["maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index descriptor2 ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # descriptor2 reference ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to ( descriptor2 reference ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor ) ."]
["use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api .", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws api", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version version ."]
["if more than one private key is present , the key that is returned is undefined .", "if more than private key is present , the key that is returned is undefined .", "if more than one private key is present , this key that is returned is undefined .", "if more than one private key is key , the key that is returned is undefined .", "if more than one private key is present , a key that is returned is undefined ."]
["return the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring application context is refreshed .", "return the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring context is refreshed .", "return the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring handler context is refreshed .", "returns the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring application context is refreshed .", "return the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring resource context is refreshed ."]
["return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the given attribute name is the name of a attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file ."]
["for integration testing allows to prime the environment via provided deployment .", "for integration testing allows to prime the environment via provided deployment type .", "for deployment testing allows to prime the environment via provided configuration .", "for deployment type testing allows to prime the environment via provided configuration .", "for integration allows to prime the environment via provided configuration ."]
["returns the first asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the gt asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the last asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the last gt asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?"]
["get the keys of the jsonobject .", "get a set of the keys of the jsonobject .", "get an set of the keys of the jsonobject .", "get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .", "returns an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject ."]
["sets the registration resolver for the saml filter chain .", "registration the configuration resolver for the saml filter chain .", "sets the resolver for the saml filter chain .", "sets the configuration resolver for the saml filter chain .", "sets the configuration registration for the saml filter chain ."]
["integers . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 n", "integers 0 . . .", "integers 0 . . . concurrent ."]
["try to find a constructor declaration by its parameters types .", "try to find a constructor declaration by its constructor types .", "constructor to find a constructor declaration by its parameters types .", "try to find a constructor declaration by its parameters constructor .", "try to find a constructor declaration by its parameters types ."]
["test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ special at just one server .", "test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most special , and blob _ deleted at just one server .", "test the case with special _ not _ found errors from most servers , and special _ deleted at just one server .", "test the special with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ deleted at just one server .", "test the with blob not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ special at just one server ."]
["output space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based .", "space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based .", "name space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based .", "output name space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based .", "attributes space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based ."]
["returns the node representing the type of the array .", "returns the astarray representing the element type of the array .", "returns the type representing the element type of the array .", "returns the node representing the type of array .", "returns the node representing the type type of the array ."]
["computes the price of a domestic cash digital option using the call spread approximation", "computes the price of a domestic digital option using the call spread approximation", "computes the price of a domestic cash option using the call spread approximation", "computes the price of a domestic option using the call spread approximation", "computes the price of a domestic %UNK% digital option using the call spread approximation"]
["created a new invocation instrumenter .", "created a new instrumenter .", "invocation a new rx instrumenter .", "created a invocation rx instrumenter .", "created a new reactive instrumenter ."]
["called design has changed .", "called gui design has changed .", "called when gui design changed .", "called when filter design has changed .", "called when gui design has refresh ."]
["test for xqarray builder # append ( array ) .", "test for xqarray builder # append ( xqarray ) .", "test for array builder # append ( xqarray ) .", "test builder # append ( array ) .", "test ( xqarray builder # append ( array ) ."]
["sets the current end icon to be visible or invisible .", "sets the current end icon to be visible or gone .", "sets the current end icon to be visible .", "sets the current end icon to be visible or suffix .", "sets the current end icon to be gone or invisible ."]
["build mongo template mongo template .", "get mongo template mongo template .", "mongo template mongo template .", "gets mongo template mongo template .", "template mongo template ."]
["determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "determines whether a is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import .", "determines a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "is whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module as a jmod .", "returns a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates reference to module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module packaged ."]
["returns the response object with list of dhcp aggregate without counters .", "returns the response object with list of aggregate servers without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp relay without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp counters without counters .", "returns the response object with list of counters servers without counters ."]
["search for visual studio link . exe search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012 .", "search for visual studio link . search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012", "search for visual studio link . vc141 search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012 .", "search for visual studio link . search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012 .", "search for vc141 studio link . exe search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012 ."]
["generates a code sample for using share directory client # create subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # sub subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share client # create sub subdirectory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # subdirectory directory ( string )", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # create subdirectory directory ( string )"]
["in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the preferred locale in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the language in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums locale is returned .", "in that locale the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned ."]
["the given firmware uid represents the uid of the latest updatable firmware for the thing .", "the given firmware uid represents the uid of the latest version firmware for the thing .", "the given firmware uid represents the uid of the latest firmware for the thing .", "the given firmware uid represents the uid of the version updatable firmware for the thing .", "firmware uid represents the uid of the latest ."]
["waits until the 100 . current time millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time millis results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current 100 millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time 100 ( ) results has changed ."]
["add a server to the known list of servers .", "add a server to the list of servers .", "add the known list of servers .", "adds a server to the known list of servers .", "add a server to the known list of servers ."]
["returns size of the memory used to store pixels of this object .", "returns byte of the allocated memory used to store pixels of this object .", "returns allocation of the allocated memory used to store pixels of this object .", "returns size of the allocation memory used to store pixels of this object .", "returns size of the allocated memory used to store pixels of this byte ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the list .", "deletes the specified variable from the value .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["invoked when the object is completed , it must cleanup all task related to this collector .", "invoked when the future is completed , it must cleanup all task related to this collector .", "invoked when the future is object , it must cleanup all task related to this collector .", "object when the future is completed , it must cleanup all task related to this collector .", "map when the future is completed , it must cleanup all task related to this collector ."]
["sets the identifier of the command .", "sets the command of the transaction .", "sets the identifier of the object .", "sets the delimiters of the transaction .", "sets the identifier of the delimiters ."]
["if the requested index is greater than the current size , the list will grow to the new size and a new object will be returned from the factory .", "if the requested index is greater than the current size , the list will grow to the new size and a new object will be returned from the element .", "if the requested index is greater than the current , the list will grow to the new and a new object will be returned from the factory .", "if the requested element is greater than the current size , the list will grow to the new size and a new object will be returned from the factory .", "if the requested index is greater than the current size , the element will grow to the new size and a new object will be returned from the factory ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to detect primary of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a primary input ."]
["check whether the class declares a @ literal copy method or @ literal copy method with parameter defaulting .", "check whether the class declares a @ literal copy method", "check whether the class declares a @ literal copy method .", "check whether the persistent declares a @ literal copy method or @ literal copy method with parameter defaulting .", "check whether the class declares a @ literal copy method with parameter defaulting ."]
["during the prepare , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the library , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold prepare focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to prepare other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["note that this rule will be inserted in vni table .", "note that this rule will be inserted in ( table 0 ) .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 ) .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni ( 0 ) .", "note that this rule will be inserted vni ( table ."]
["clears all the mount points .", "clears all mount points .", "clears the mount points .", "clears all a mount points .", "clears the the mount points ."]
["code snippets for blob client base # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client base # set http ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client base # http headers httpheaders ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client base # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client base # set http headers ( blob http headers )"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for client and debugging ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of zoned date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of zoned date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of time ."]
["since the rule to be excluded doesn ' t exist , there should be warning about that as well .", "the rule to be excluded doesn ' t exist , there should be warning about that as well .", "since the rule to be excluded doesn , there should be warning about that as well .", "since the 2 to be excluded doesn ' t exist , there should be warning about that as well .", "since be excluded doesn ' t exist , there should be warning about that as well ."]
["returns the number of sync d l objects where modified time id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where m time id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where repository time id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where folder id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where modified id = ? ."]
["returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into passed image view", "returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into passed image view .", "returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into view", "returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into passed image view or image", "returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into"]
["code snippets for blob client # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client # set http ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client # http headers httpheaders ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client # set http headers"]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details ."]
["returns the journal article local service .", "returns the journal local service .", "returns the class journal article local service .", "returns the journal library local service .", "returns the class name local service ."]
["replace the current expression with a given replacement and mark the method as modified .", "replacement the current expression with a given multi - expression and mark the method as modified .", "replace the current expression with a given replacement and record and mark the method as modified .", "replace the current expression with a given me and mark the method as modified .", "replace the current expression with a given me and record and mark the method as modified ."]
["check that we boot successfully when the elasticsearch dialect is configured explicitly , and that the elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case .", "check that we boot successfully when the elasticsearch elasticsearch is configured explicitly , and that the elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case .", "check that we boot successfully when the elasticsearch cluster is configured explicitly , and that the elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case .", "check that we boot successfully when dialect is configured explicitly , and that elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case .", "check that we boot successfully when the elasticsearch is configured explicitly , and that the elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case ."]
["usefull when you know , that there should be js val or something at the stage", "usefull when you know , that there should be js val at the stage", "usefull when you know , that there should be js something at the stage", "usefull when you know , that there should be js or something at the stage", "usefull when you know , that there should be js val"]
["finds all file system factory from .", "finds all under file system factory from the lib directory .", "finds all under file system factory from the directory and caches .", "finds all under file system factory from the factories directory and caches .", "finds all under file system factory from the lib directory and caches ."]
["return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards and active replicas", "return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards", "return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards", "return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards", "return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards"]
["return that one rdfnode or null throw exception if more than one .", "return that one rdfnode .", "return that one rdfnode throw exception if more than one .", "return that one rdfnode if more than one .", "return that one rdfnode or at throw exception if more than one ."]
["get name of the cosmos db mongo db database .", "get properties of the cosmos db mongo db database .", "get resource of the cosmos db mongo db database .", "get name of the properties db mongo db database .", "get name of the cosmos db properties db database ."]
["test of variance method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of variance method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test variance var method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of var method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of method , variance class negative binomial distribution ."]
["this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , optional , optional , featurizer ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , , , featurizer ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , optional , optional ) .", "clause splitter # train ( stream , optional , optional , featurizer ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( clause , optional , optional , featurizer ) ."]
["thus 31st january add wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "add 31st january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus 31st january add wrap field to copy one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus add january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus 31st january wrap field to copy one day goes to the 1st january ."]
["creates source for the given source string .", "creates query for the given query source .", "creates for the given string .", "query query for the given query string .", "creates query for the given query ."]
["the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the", "the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the availability and categories for the specified clusters .", "the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the availability .", "the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the .", "the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the availability and backup for the specified clusters ."]
["a query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter ( _ name : string ) function .", "a query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter function .", "a query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter string ) function .", "the query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter ( _ name : string ) function .", "a query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter ( name : string ) function ."]
["calculates maximum - nulls are handled .", "calculates maximum are handled as zeros .", "calculates - nulls are handled as zeros .", "calculates maximum .", "calculates maximum - nulls are handled as flat ."]
["upsampling size", "upsampling size .", "upsampling type", "upsampling value", "upsampling"]
["sets the jdbc driver class name .", "sets the driver class name .", "sets the jdbc driver class .", "sets the jdbc driver name .", "sets the driver driver class name ."]
["all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "all foldable conditions to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by this .", "the foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer ."]
["return the the client can correlate replies with requests", "return the failed hash so the client can correlate replies with requests .", "returns the failed hash so the client can correlate replies with requests", "return the client can correlate replies with requests", "return the fail hash so the client can correlate replies with requests"]
["run c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run eri c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "eri c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run eri c with parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run eri c with fixed parameters and compare the clustering to a golden standard ."]
["creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files / symlinks and returns the root node .", "creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files / symlinks .", "creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files symlinks and .", "creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files and returns the root node .", "creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files and returns ."]
["this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio .", "this allows additional information to be portfolio to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the item .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the info ."]
["test of length method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of npara method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of method , length class weibull distribution .", "test length npara method , of class weibull distribution ."]
["sets the account .", "updates the account .", "executes the account .", "returns the account .", "adds the account ."]
["group : rdd", ": consumer", "group :", "group : %UNK%", "group :"]
["prepare a pooled http client .", "returns a pooled http client .", "prepare a http client .", "prepare a connection http client .", "prepare a pooled client ."]
["test partition awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition partition cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity partition partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition distributions cache partition property with semicolon ."]
["creates a histogram of the given count", "returns a histogram of the given arguments", "creates a count of the given arguments", "creates a histogram of the given join", "creates an of the given arguments"]
["r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz ) .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion qy , qz , .", "r is an rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the translation ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) ."]
["note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject message context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject explicit context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note that this performs chains explicit but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .", "note that this performs chains message but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle ."]
[", this method runs the following instructions :", "this method runs the following instructions :", "basically this method runs the following instructions :", "basically :", "basically runs the following instructions :"]
["for a list of the event categories and source types , go to", "for a list of the event categories and source , go to", "for a list of the event categories and source types , go to describe", "for a list of the event categories and source types , go to describe categories .", "for a list of the event categories and source types , go to describe event ."]
["creates an uri based on the redis uri .", "creates an uri based on the uri .", "creates an uri based on the returns uri .", "creates an uri based on the uri uri .", "returns an uri based on the redis uri ."]
["[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible ."]
["if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range .", "if # ignore is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range .", "if # _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range .", "if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range .", "if # overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["initializes a new id for the given container element .", "adjust the given container element .", "a new adjust settings for the given container element .", "a new adjust for the given container element .", "initializes an id for the given container element ."]
["this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given", "this method will retrieve one source entry resource based on the source for the given", "this method will retrieve one entry resource based on the for the given", "this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given external", "this method will retrieve one external entry resource based on the external source for the given"]
["you cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region .", "you cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region .", "you cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region", "note : you cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region .", "cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region ."]
["returns true if field limit is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field exec limit is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field limit ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["gets devfile file name of this github url", "gets dockerfile devfile name of this github url", "gets file name of this github url", "gets dockerfile name of this github url", "gets dockerfile file name of this github url"]
["overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # _ this . callback if it has", "overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # wrapped callback if it has", "overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # this . callback if it has", "overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # _ this callback if it has", "overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # _ callback if it has"]
["returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a suitable set for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a set content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list ."]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules , with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of modules modules , with service binding , to create configuration .", "returns a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration ."]
["if any offset in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the sequence in lub .", "if any sequences in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .", "if any offset in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the sequences in lub .", "if any sequence in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .", "if any offset in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub ."]
["add tapi topology to dcs .", "add tapi topology to dcs store .", "tapi topology to dcs store .", "adds tapi topology to dcs store .", "add tapi topology store ."]
["scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts api via ca - api trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca inherited api - gateway trusts service via ca - service trusts gateway via ca", "api : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service trusts gateway via ca", "- ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service trusts gateway via ca"]
["updates a module ' s structure when the user selects a build variant from the tool window .", "updates a module when the user selects a build variant from the tool window .", "sets a module ' s structure when the user selects a build variant from the tool window .", "updates an ' s structure when the user selects a build variant from the tool window .", "updates a module when the user selects a build variant ."]
["the default implementation returns attribute factory default _ _ .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory default _ _ # token stream .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory _ attribute _ .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory _ attribute _ # token stream .", "the default implementation returns token stream # default _ attribute _ factory ."]
["adds one more acceptable indentation level .", "adds one more indentation level .", "adds one more acceptable level .", "adds more acceptable indentation level .", "adds one more acceptable acceptable level ."]
["this method generates the set of error parameters from an core event to use on the error response function .", "this method generates the set of error parameters from an event to use on the error response function .", "this method generates the set of error parameters from a core event to use on the error response function .", "this method generates the set of error parameters from an event to use on the error response function .", "this method generates the set of error parameters from an core event ."]
["time ( in ns ) of last received append position .", "time ( in ms ) of last received append ns .", "ns ( in ms ) of last received append position .", "time ( in ms ) of last received ns position .", "time ( in ) of last received append ns ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list issuer # issuer properties", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . collection client . get issuer # issuer properties", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list # issuer properties", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . collection issuer # issuer properties", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list issuer # issuer properties"]
["create a injection manager .", "create an injection manager .", "create a manager .", "create an injection injection manager .", "create a metadata manager ."]
["wraps the given object if necessary .", "returns the given object if necessary .", "wraps the given object .", "wraps the given object if object .", "wraps this object if necessary ."]
["creates a new id in one of the temp directories .", "creates a new file id in one of the temp directories .", "creates a new iochannel id in one of the temp directories .", "creates a file id in one of the temp directories .", "creates a new . id in one of the temp directories ."]
["returns an input row plus raw raw values containing the input row plus the raw , unparsed data corresponding to the next row available .", "returns an input values plus raw object containing the input row plus the raw , unparsed data corresponding to the next row available .", "returns an input row plus raw object containing the input row plus the raw , raw values data corresponding to the next row available .", "returns an input raw plus raw object containing the input row plus the raw , unparsed data corresponding to the next row available .", "returns a raw values row plus raw object containing the input row plus the raw , unparsed data corresponding to the next row available ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified fx name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["fetches the configuration settings that match the options .", "fetches the configuration settings .", "fetches configuration the configuration settings that match the options .", "fetches the configuration options configuration that match the options .", "fetches the configuration settings that match the options configuration ."]
["same as # is any pipeline config set ( long ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # is any pipeline config set ( long , ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # is any pipeline config set ( ) , ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # is any pipeline config set ( long device , ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # is any pipeline config set ( ) if present , but blocks execution ."]
["setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set sources source ( media source ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media sources ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media empty ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media sources ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media source ) ."]
["returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .", "returns the tree for an attribute given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .", "returns the attribute for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding attribute .", "returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search and its corresponding tree .", "returns the tree for an annotation given a attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree ."]
["encode a pi profile action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi action profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi group profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a profile action group to a action profile group ."]
["deserializes the data as an object of the type .", "deserializes the data .", "deserializes the data as a of the type .", "returns the data as an object of the type .", "deserializes the data of the type ."]
["loads resource ids from txt file and returns the list of their names , if successful .", "resource ids from r . txt file and returns the list of their names , if successful .", "loads resource ids from r . txt file , if successful .", "loads resource ids from r . txt file returns the list of their names , successful .", "loads resource ids from r . txt file and returns the list of their names"]
["get cache control property : sets file ' s cache control .", "get the cache control property : sets the ' s cache control .", "cache control property : sets file ' s cache control .", "get control property : sets file ' s cache control .", "get cache control property : sets file ' control ."]
["retrieves a node relative to the node of the live application , e . g .", "retrieves a node relative to the node of the live application . g .", "returns a node relative to the node of the live application , e . g .", "retrieves a node relative to the node of the live application g .", "retrieves a node relative to the node of the live application"]
["gets an biome type from a argument stack .", "gets an biome from a argument stack .", "gets an biome from a argument stack .", "gets a biome type biome from a argument stack .", "gets a biome type from a argument stack ."]
["delegates to # get typed attribute names ( ) and extracts the names .", "delegates to # get attribute names ( ) and extracts the names .", "delegates to # get typed attribute names ( ) and extracts the names .", "delegates to # get typed attribute typed names ( ) and extracts the names .", "delegates to # get typed attribute ( ) and extracts the names ."]
["retrieves the data source with the specified id .", "retrieves the data source with the specified legacy id .", "retrieves the data source .", "retrieves the access source with the specified id .", "returns the data source with the specified id ."]
["tests a operating in bounded mode , created with a stream out of bound exception .", "tests a operating in bounded mode , created with a out of bound exception .", "tests a operating in bounded mode with a stream out of bound exception .", "tests a operating in bounded mode , created with a stream", "tests a operating in bounded mode ."]
["returns a rule that restricts access according to the role .", "returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current user .", "returns the rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a rule access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a rule to the role of the current authenticated user ."]
["the poller flux poller flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller poller flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the allows flux allows flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller allows flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status ."]
["get statistics for table for given filtering constraint .", "get statistics for table for given table constraint .", "get statistics for table for given filtering .", "get statistics for table for given constraint .", "get statistics for table for given statistics constraint ."]
["sort the overlapping intervals first .", "sort the overlapping intervals .", "sort the overlapping intervals %UNK% .", "sort the overlapping intervals num .", "sort the %UNK% intervals first ."]
["verify that duplicate exported requires are detected .", "verify that requires exported packages are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported 53 are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported requires transitive static are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported requires transitive are detected ."]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent .", "tests the file system master # check context ( alluxio uri , check context options ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent .", "tests the file system master # check ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent ."]
["produces a runner api . combine payload per key from a combine .", "produces a runner api . combine payload from a combine .", "produces a runner api . combine payload per key key from a combine .", "produces a runner api payload from a combine", "produces a api . combine payload from a combine ."]
["evaluates the condition .", "returns the condition and returns the matching expression .", "evaluates the condition and returns the matching expression .", "evaluates the int and returns the matching expression .", "evaluates the branch and returns the matching expression ."]
["cancels touch focus for the specified listener actor .", "cancels touch focus for the specified listener .", "cancels touch focus for the listener specified actor .", "cancels touch focus for the specified actor .", "cancels touch focus for the listener actor ."]
["returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if more on", "returns the built - in service account if running on", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running . on", "returns the built - in service account ' s application credential for the application if running on"]
["sets the event indexes .", "sets the indexes index .", "sets the index .", "sets the indexes .", "sets the event indexes ."]
["returns the node for the specified path .", "returns the node for the specified file .", "returns the node .", "returns the node for the specified path path .", "returns the node for the specified path ."]
["sets the timeout ' s state machine name .", "sets the session name .", "sets the state machine name .", "sets the name .", "returns the timeout ' s state machine name ."]
["todo : change this into select track ( track info )", "change this into select track ( track info )", "todo : change this into track ( track info )", "todo : change this into track ( track info )", "todo : change this into select track"]
["returns the journal article persistence .", "returns the journal library persistence .", "returns the journal persistence .", "returns the name persistence .", "returns the class journal article persistence ."]
["record an event for a container or test that was skipped .", "record an execution event for a container or test that was skipped .", "record event for a container or test that was skipped .", "record event for a container or test that was skipped .", "record execution event for a container or test that was skipped ."]
["creates a hive database from catalog database .", "creates a database from catalog database .", "creates a hive database from database database .", "returns a hive database from catalog database .", "creates a hive database from database ."]
["bic score of the mixture .", "bic score the mixture for .", "bic score of the mixture .", "bic score .", "bic score of the mixture given data ."]
["runs a query and retrieves json .", "runs a query .", "query a query and retrieves json .", "runs a query json .", "runs a query and query json ."]
["browse the histogram to detect the sequence of peaks ( similar to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) .", "browse the histogram to detect the sequence of peak ( similar to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) .", "browse the peak to detect the sequence of peaks ( similar to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) .", "peak the histogram to detect the sequence of peaks ( similar to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) .", "browse the histogram to detect the sequence of peaks ( peak to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) ."]
["apache spark ( camel - spark )", "apache spark ( - rest - spark )", "apache - rest spark ( camel - spark )", "apache spark", "apache spark ( - rest <INSERT_END> - spark )"]
["get sprache .", "get ergebnis .", "get beschreibung .", "get kommentar .", "get plz ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["gets a new node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation .", "returns a new pi node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation .", "make a new pi node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation .", "gets a new snippet node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation .", "gets a new make node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation ."]
["gets the iterable of issuer properties issuers on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of issuer properties issuers on this page .", "gets the elements of issuer properties issuers on this page .", "gets the issuer properties issuers on this page .", "gets the elements stream of issuer properties issuers on this page ."]
["retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise an empty object", "retrieves the default value of a parameter", "retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise an empty", "retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise an empty null", "retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise an empty object ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final .", "returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final or volatile .", "returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final , transient .", "returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final .", "returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final , transient volatile ."]
["set the context .", "add the context .", "set the .", "returns the context .", "set the set ."]
["returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length , false otherwise .", "returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length , otherwise .", "returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length otherwise .", "returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length .", "returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length ."]
["see upsertable # rowid has supersedes logical key ( ) for more information .", "see upsertable # rowid supersedes logical key ( ) for more information .", "see upsertable # rowid has supersedes ( ) for more information .", "see upsertable # rowid supersedes ( ) for more information .", "see upsertable # rowid has priority ( ) for more information ."]
["to do this , we use the unit to indicate which table to use .", "to do this , we use the boolean to indicate which table to use .", "to do this , we use the boolean to indicate which unit to use .", "to calculate this , we use the boolean to indicate which table to use .", "to saves this , we use the boolean to indicate which table to use ."]
["does write the id .", "does not write the id .", "does not write id .", "does not write the output .", "does not write this id ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["create introspection response .", "create introspection map response .", "returns introspection invalid response .", "create introspection entity response .", "build introspection invalid response ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy from string # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy # string # url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy from url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy from string # url"]
["manipulate the zoom level of the application to specific location", "manipulate the zoom level of the application and pans to specific location", "manipulate the zoom level of the application and pans to specific location .", "manipulate the zoom level of the application", "zoom the zoom level of the application and pans to specific location"]
["on , the default charset is utf - 8 .", "on android , the charset is utf - 8 .", "android , the default charset is utf - 8 .", "the default charset is utf - 8 .", "on android , the default charset is - 8 ."]
["create a new cp configuration object .", "create a new connection object .", "create a new connection cp configuration object .", "create a new connection configuration object .", "create a new connection connection object ."]
["generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for an service , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es ."]
["compares that two secrets are equal .", "compares that secrets are equal .", "compares that stops secrets are equal .", "compares that responds .", "compares that stops secrets are equal ."]
["tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , string , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block ( , , string , ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block ( long , string ) method ."]
["creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "creates query that searches for query contacts which match a specific query string .", "query query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "returns query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental # string - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental # url - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental #", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental # - string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental # string"]
["this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter ."]
["a subsumes b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .", "rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected accuracy as ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "create a ctfont of jaxbelement"]
["vmthreads . thread _ mutex should be held when iterating the list .", "vmthreads . thread should be held when iterating the list .", "vmthreads . thread mutex should be held when iterating the list .", "vmthreads . thread _ mutex should be held when first the list .", "vmthreads . thread and mutex should be held when iterating the list ."]
["depth - first traversal .", "first traversal of the control flow graph .", "depth - first traversal of the control graph .", "depth - first traversal of control flow graph .", "traversal of the control flow graph ."]
["tests that when an configuration etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag configuration is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only configuration set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting configuration has the etag ."]
["to compare the underlying local date of two date time accessor instances , use chrono field # epoch _ day as a comparator .", "to compare the underlying local date of two date time accessor instances , use field # epoch _ day as a comparator .", "to compare the underlying local date of date time accessor instances , use chrono field # epoch _ day as a comparator .", "to compare the underlying local date of two date time accessor instances , use false chrono field # epoch _ day as a comparator .", "to compare the underlying local date of two date time accessor instances , use offset chrono field # epoch _ day as a comparator ."]
["returns the k b folder with the primary key or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b folder with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b folder with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b folder with the primary key or throws knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b folder with the primary key liferay . knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found ."]
["same as # set pipeline config ( long , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # set pipeline config ( long pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # set pipeline config ( long device , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , but blocks execution .", "same as # set pipeline config ( pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , ( long , blocks execution .", "same as # set pipeline config ( long device id , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , but blocks execution ."]
["register one or more component classes to be processed .", "register component or more annotated classes to be processed .", "register one or more annotated component to be processed .", "component one or more annotated classes to be processed .", "register one or more component to be processed ."]
["creates a mop method name from a method", "creates a method name from a method", "creates a name . method name from a method", "creates a mop method name . from a method", "creates a mop method name from a method ."]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the uri given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the location given in the uri after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the uri instance dir .", "this is the path given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir ."]
["returns the from which the simulated annealing search found a solution state .", "returns the last state from which the simulated annealing found a solution state .", "returns the state from which the simulated annealing search found a solution state .", "returns the last state from which the simulated annealing search found a solution state .", "returns the last state from which the simulated annealing search found a ."]
["set di locator .", "set runtime di locator .", "set runtime locator .", "set injection di locator .", "runtime di locator ."]
["the ihawrite message is returned to the caller .", "the message is returned to the caller .", "message is returned to the caller .", "caller .", "the caller ."]
["remove a buffer block by the name .", "remove a storage buffer by the name .", "remove an buffer block by the name .", "remove a block by the name .", "remove a buffer by the name ."]
["returns whether or not icon for the specified identifier exists .", "returns whether icon for the specified identifier exists .", "returns whether or not icon for the specified icon exists .", "returns whether or not icon for the specified find exists .", "returns whether or not icon for the specified identifier exists ."]
["unsubscribes us to notifications about incoming packets .", "us to notifications about incoming coin packets .", "unsubscribes us to notifications about incoming coin packets .", "unsubscribes us to notifications incoming coin packets .", "unsubscribes us to notifications about incoming xmppconnection packets ."]
["set the value .", "add the value .", "sets the value .", "adds the value .", "returns the value ."]
["using the provided abscissa range , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ staff image and evaluate possible glyph instances .", "using the provided abscissa range , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ parts image and evaluate possible glyph instances .", "using the provided parts range , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ staff image and evaluate possible glyph instances .", "using the provided abscissa parts , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ staff image and evaluate possible glyph instances .", "using the provided key range , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ staff image and evaluate possible glyph instances ."]
["add a file to the list of the successfully uploaded files .", "add a file to the list of the uploaded files .", "add a file to the file of the successfully uploaded files .", "add a file to the list of the file uploaded files .", "add a file to file ."]
["this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # returns name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get escape escape ( ) .", "# get name escape ( ) .", "the character provided by # get name escape ( ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for master and debugging ."]
["set belegart .", "set preisliste .", "set werbemassnahme order .", "set kursart .", "set lager order ."]
["parses the resolve in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve wsdl data in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve wsdl in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the wsdl file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not ."]
["creates and loads a resource repository .", "creates a resource repository .", "creates and loads an resource repository .", "creates and loads the resource repository .", "returns and loads a resource repository ."]
["swaps the operands of the expression if better performance is expected .", "swaps this of the expression if better performance is expected .", "swaps the operands if the the expression if better performance is expected .", "swaps this behavior of the expression if better performance is expected .", "swaps of the expression get ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local time ."]
["the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs .", "separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input fields must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line ."]
["after you enable all features mode , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts .", "after you enable all features , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts .", "after you enable all mode , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts .", "after you enable all features - control mode , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts .", "after you enable all all mode , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts ."]
["associates this cache configuration to a split brain protection .", "associates this cache configuration to a split .", "associates this cache configuration to a quorum .", "associates this cache to a quorum .", "associates this cache configuration to a split brain ."]
["test of local method , of class abitracer .", "test of process method .", "test of method , of class abitracer .", "test of class abitracer .", "test of local method ."]
["sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the scope scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope .", "returns the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope blob contents on the server ."]
["gets any cached sync session for the given sync configuration or create a new one if no one exists .", "gets any cached sync session for the given sync or create a new one if no one exists .", "gets any cached session for the given configuration or create a new one if no one exists .", "gets any cached sync session for the given sync sync or create a new one if no one exists .", "gets any cached sync session for the given sync or create a new one if no one exists ."]
["map enum set for the filter .", "defines filter set for the filter .", "defines enum set for the filter .", "filter enum set for the filter .", "sets enum set for the filter ."]
["each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with type packet types # reader , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with type packet types # packet , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with type packet types # ack reader , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with reader packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block ."]
["the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates <INSERT_END> id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates id as the identifier ."]
["returns newly created nine patch icon containing stretchable shadow .", "returns created nine patch icon containing stretchable shadow .", "returns newly created nine patch icon shadow .", "returns newly created nine patch icon containing stretchable shadow .", "returns newly created nine patch icon ."]
["formats a millisecond long value into the supplied b .", "formats a millisecond long value into the supplied b builder .", "formats a millisecond long value into the supplied appendable .", "formats a millisecond long value into the supplied builder .", "formats a millisecond long value into the supplied appendable builder ."]
["creates share intent across the system .", "creates and sends share song across the system .", "creates and sends share intent across the system .", "returns and sends share intent across the system .", "creates and sends share intent across the song ."]
["group : %UNK%", "group : rdd", "group : consumer", ": consumer", "group :"]
["attaches an existing database .", "attaches a database .", "attaches an existing .", "attaches an existing udb .", "attaches existing database ."]
["load organization model", "load organization model .", "load organization model", "load en organization model", "en en organization model"]
["wait for the transport thread to finish .", "wait for the thread to finish .", "wait for the transport thread .", "wait for the join thread to finish .", "returns for the transport thread to finish ."]
["xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . uris , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . uri , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . catalog , invalid path entries will be ignored .", "xml catalogs , oasis standard . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored ."]
["sets the path to the configuration file .", "sets the path to the file .", "sets the path to the file file .", "sets the path to the configuration .", "sets the path to the configuration file ."]
["receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and set given flags .", "receives all emails that matches given email and set given flags .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter and set given flags .", "receives all emails that matches given email and set given flags ."]
["the meta - property for the type property .", "the meta - property for the type .", "the meta - property for the type of property .", "the meta - property for the type property", "the meta - property for the type . property ."]
["todo if the last halog file ( in commit counter sequence ) is discovered without a closing root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same ) then it can not be used .", "todo if the halog file ( in commit counter sequence ) is discovered without a closing root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same ) then it can not be used .", "todo if the last halog file in commit counter sequence ) is discovered without a root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same then it can not be used .", "todo if the last halog file ( in commit counter sequence ) is discovered without an closing root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same ) then it can not be used .", "file ( in commit counter is discovered without a closing root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same ) then it can not be used ."]
["sets the seeding strategy factory to be used by this factory .", "sets the iseeding strategy factory to be used by this factory .", "sets the strategy factory to be used by this factory .", "sets the iseeding strategy factory to be used by this factory .", "sets the iseeding strategy factory to be used by this seeding ."]
["this method is a shortcut to plain # path prefix ( string , boolean ) prefix ( prefix , true ) .", "this method is a shortcut to plain # prefix path ( string , boolean ) prefix ( prefix , true ) .", "this method is a shortcut to plain # path <INSERT_END> ( string , boolean ) prefix ( prefix , true ) .", "this method is a shortcut to plain # path ( string , boolean ) prefix ( prefix , true ) .", "this method is a shortcut to plain # prefix ( string , path ) prefix ( prefix , true ) ."]
["returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid class name identifier .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java class name .", "returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a java class name ."]
["generates a code sample for using directory client # create file with response ( string , long , file http headers ,", "generates a code sample for using directory client # create file with response ( string , long , file http ,", "generates a code sample for using directory client # create file with response ( string , long , http headers httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for using directory client # create http headers with response ( string , long , file httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for using directory client # create file with response ( string , long , file ,"]
["construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the obj struct .", "construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity .", "construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct ."]
["tracked blobstore entries are rotated out of the stored map .", "tracked entries are rotated out of the stored map periodically .", "tracked blobstore entries are rotated out of the stored periodically .", "blobstore entries are rotated out of the stored map periodically .", "tracked blobstore entries are rotated out of the map periodically ."]
["see # new database ( file , config , external factory . dependencies ) instead .", "see # new database ( file , config , database facade external . dependencies ) instead .", "see # new database ( file , config , database external factory . dependencies ) instead .", "see # new database ( file , config , database facade dependencies ) instead .", "see # new database ( file , config , external database facade factory . dependencies ) instead ."]
["the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes not support gcm gcm registration failed", "the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes not support gcm gcm registration", "the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes support gcm gcm registration failed", "the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes not support gcm gcm push failed", "the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes not push gcm gcm registration failed"]
["does this search only for dwrservice classes and ignores test classes .", "does this search only for dwrservice classes .", "does this search only for dwrservice classes test classes .", "does this search only for dwrservice classes classes .", "is dwrservice classes and ignores test classes ."]
["start startup .", "startup grid .", "start 1 .", "start .", "grid ."]
["expands this pattern with the given v mapping .", "expands this pattern with the given variable v .", "expands this pattern with the given mapping .", "expands this pattern .", "expands this pattern with the given var mapping ."]
["sets the value of the salt value property .", "sets the value of the salt [ property .", "sets the value of the salt value ] property .", "sets the value of the byte value property .", "sets the value of the count property ."]
["constuct a log event .", "constuct a trace log .", "constuct a returns log event .", "constuct trace log event .", "a trace log event ."]
["gets an action sent .", "gets an action with empty request sent .", "gets an action with request body sent .", "gets an action with empty request body .", "returns an action with empty request body sent ."]
["the modules are located in the $ test . classes / modules directory .", "the modules are located in the classes / modules directory .", "$ test . classes / modules directory .", "the modules are located in the test . classes / directory", "the modules are located in the . classes / modules directory ."]
["gets the value of the ' public ports ' field .", "gets the value of the ' public ports ' field .", "gets the value of the ' public string ' field .", "gets the value of the ' ports ' field .", "gets the value of the ' ports port ' field ."]
["computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided @ param grouper metadata", "computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided @ param grouper list", "computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided @ param grouper metadata", "computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided metadata param grouper context", "computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided @ param grouper context"]
["for details see also # get field or alias ( field )", "for details see also # get field or alias ( string )", "for details see also # get field or alias ( )", "for details see also # get field or alias ( field free )", "for details see also # get field or alias"]
["gets the connection associated with this appender .", "gets the associated with this appender .", "gets the this appender .", "gets the .", "gets the connection with this appender ."]
["get upc .", "get - upc .", "get upc - upc .", "get tu - upc .", "get get - upc ."]
["returns an transformer to allow the query to be run once per parameter list in the source .", "returns an observable to allow the query to be run once per parameter list in the source .", "returns a transformer to allow the query to be run once per parameter list in the source .", "returns a transformer the query to be run once per parameter list in the source .", "returns an allow the query to be run once per parameter list in the source ."]
["applies all included s to xml signature input and returns the result of these transformations .", "applies all included s to xml signature input .", "applies all included s to xml signature input and returns these transformations .", "applies included s to xml signature input and returns the result of these transformations .", "applies all included s to xml signature input the result of these transformations ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the number of sync d l objects where repository id = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where r id = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where parent id = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where parent folder = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where repository folder id = ?"]
["add given object to the deque .", "add given to the deque , prepending to head .", "add given first to the deque , prepending to head .", "add given object to the first , prepending to head .", "add given add to the deque , prepending to head ."]
["bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( on new breadcrumb callback ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new callback on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag ( on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )", "bugsnag on . breadcrumb callback ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )"]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["sets the cache for the given application .", "sets the iclass cache .", "sets the iclass cache for the given application .", "set the iclass cache for the given application .", "sets the iclass cache for the given class application ."]
["gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = artifact id .", "gets a path to an artifact with given version and id id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = artifact name .", "gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = artifact .", "gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = id name .", "gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and id id = artifact name ."]
["clean up after each test by resetting the fuseki instance", "cleanup up after each test by resetting the fuseki instance", "clean up after each test by resetting the fuseki instance .", "clean up after the test by resetting the fuseki instance", "clean up after each test by cleanup the fuseki instance"]
["reset head segment .", "reset head address .", "head starting address .", "starting head segment .", "reset head segment address ."]
["returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata ."]
["no guarantee of order for past timers is assumed when expired later .", "the guarantee of order for past timers is assumed when expired later .", "order for past timers is assumed when expired later .", "no time of order for past timers is assumed when expired later .", "the of order for past timers is assumed when expired later ."]
["the same as # index reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # index reference ( descriptor descriptor2 ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as ( descriptor reference ( index descriptor2 ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # index reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken ."]
["returns a start transaction response v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps .", "returns a start response v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps .", "returns a start transactions response v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps .", "returns a start atlas transaction response v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps .", "returns a start v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps ."]
["corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . . drf mojo model . score0 `"]
["stores the fcpplugin connection so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get connection ( uuid ) .", "stores the fcpplugin connection impl so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get connection ( uuid ) .", "stores the fcpplugin impl connection so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get connection ( uuid ) .", "stores the fcpplugin fcpplugin impl so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get fcpplugin impl ( uuid ) .", "stores the connection impl connection so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get connection ( uuid ) ."]
["submits a bar notification .", "submits a notification for drawing .", "returns a bar notification for drawing .", "submits a notification notification for drawing .", "submits an notification notification for drawing ."]
["getter for the training parameters of the feature selector .", "getter for the training parameters list of the feature selector .", "getter for the training parameters of the feature parameters list .", "returns for the training parameters of the feature selector .", "getter for the parameters list parameters of the feature selector ."]
["receives all emails that matches given filter filter .", "receives all emails that matches given filter .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter .", "receives all emails that matches given filter filter .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter ."]
["returns a reference that returns the current execution context associated with the given language .", "returns a context that returns the current execution context associated with the given language .", "returns a lookup that returns the current execution context associated with the given language .", "returns a language that returns the current execution context associated with the given language .", "returns a reference the current execution context associated with the given language ."]
["returns an enumeration of url objects to all the resources with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "returns an enumeration of checked objects to all the resources with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "returns an enumeration of url checked to all the resources with the given name on the class path of this class loader .", "returns an enumeration of url objects to all the resources with the given checked on the class path of this class loader .", "returns url objects to all the resources with the given name on the class path of this class loader ."]
["wind the wheel forward by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll .", "time the wheel forward by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll .", "tick the wheel forward by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll .", "the wheel current tick time by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll .", "wind the wheel current by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll ."]
["cross root , get depth ( left ) + get depth ( right ) 2 .", "cross root , get depth ( left ) + height ( right ) 2 .", "cross root , get ( left ) + get ( right ) 2 .", "cross root , depth depth ( left ) + depth depth ( right ) 2 .", "cross root , depth ( left ) + depth ( right ) 2 ."]
["the sequence length access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequences length access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequences access has been removed from the offset .", "the length access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequence access has been removed from the offset ."]
["returns a reference to a chat room named room name or null if that room does not exist .", "returns a reference to a chat room named room name .", "returns a reference to a chat room named room name", "returns a reference to a chat room named room name if that room does not exist .", "returns a reference to a chat room named room null if that room does not exist ."]
["adds next request to request type # bundle _ transport _ update query .", "adds next request to request type # transport _ update query .", "adds next request to request # bundle transport _ update query .", "adds next request to request channel # bundle _ transport _ update query .", "adds next request to channel # bundle _ transport _ update query ."]
["calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a offer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a offer is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and the null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .", "calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null offer exception is signalled to the subscribers ."]
["discards a message from the not - acked - list", "discards a message from the not - acked - list .", "discards a message from the not - acked -", "discards a message from the not - acked - message", "discards a message from the not - acked"]
["returns an immutable map containing zero mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing zero mappings .", "returns a map containing zero mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing zero mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing zero mappings ."]
["close connection .", "connection ( blocking call ) .", "mono connection ( blocking call ) .", "defer connection ( blocking call ) .", "returns connection ( blocking call ) ."]
["create a new innovation .", "create a innovation .", "create an new innovation .", "create an innovation .", "create the new innovation ."]
["otherwise an empty cached api will be added to the context , this will be used to cache the response once it has been received from the back - end service", "otherwise an empty cached response will be added to the context , this will be used to cache the api once it has been received from the back - end service", "otherwise an empty cached response will be added to the context , this will be used to cache the response once it has been received from the back - end api", "otherwise an empty cached response will be added to the context , this will be used to cache the response once it has been received from the back - end cached api", "otherwise an empty cached response will be added to the context , this will be used to the cached api once it has been received from the back - end service"]
["this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ open api object .", "this method will convert ballerina @ open api to swaggers @ swagger object .", "this method will open ballerina @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .", "this method will convert open api @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .", "this method will open api ballerina @ service to swaggers @ swagger object ."]
["get nominalmenge in preiseinheit .", "get nominalmenge .", "get invoice in preiseinheit .", "get nominalmenge in invoice .", "get menge in preiseinheit ."]
["scheduler : combine latest array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : latest array latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["converts array of to email address .", "converts array of to address .", "array of to email address .", "returns array of to email address .", "converts email of to email address ."]
["gets the fallback keys , in the order to be checked .", "returns the deprecated keys , in the order to be checked .", "gets the fallback key keys , in the order to be checked .", "fallback the deprecated keys , in the order to be checked .", "gets the keys , in the order to be checked ."]
["if a mock can be assigned to a field , do it .", "if a mock can be assigned to a field .", "if a mock can be assigned to a field", "if a mock can be assigned to a injector , do it .", "if an can be assigned to a field , do it ."]
["each value will be separated on the command line by the host - specific path separator .", "each value will be separated on the command line by the path separator .", "each value will be separated on the command line .", "each value will be separated on the command line by the host .", "each value will be separated on the command line by the host path separator ."]
["updates the connection ' s line associated with the given action id to its new position .", "updates the wires ' s line associated with the given action id to its new position .", "updates the connection ' s line associated with the given wires id to its new position .", "updates the connection ' s line associated with the given id to its new position .", "updates the position ' s line associated with the given action id to its new position ."]
["creates a valid table operation operation .", "creates a valid table operation .", "creates a valid aggregate operation .", "creates a window table operation .", "creates a window table operation operation ."]
["expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket wrapper close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket , errors etc ."]
["if the server id matches the local server id , it also updates quorum addr and election addr .", "if the server id matches the local server id , it also my quorum addr and my election addr .", "if the server id matches the local server id , it updates my quorum addr and my election addr .", "if the server id matches the local server id , it also updates my quorum addr .", "if the server id matches the local server id , it also updates my addrs addr and my election addr ."]
["returns a instances of all application which have registered .", "returns a list of all instances which have registered .", "returns a list of all application which have registered .", "returns a list of all application which have instances .", "returns a list of the application which have registered ."]
["sets the journal article local service .", "sets the journal local service .", "sets the name journal article service .", "sets the name local service .", "sets the journal name local service ."]
["get the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get the content of this content .", "get the content of this element .", "get a content of this element ."]
["or throws a no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a wsrp no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such producer exception if it could not be found", "or throws a wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such producer exception if it could not be found ."]
["this method is always invoked after # response headers start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # headers start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # response headers start .", "# response headers start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # response start ( call ) ."]
["otherwise returns a success containing the given value .", "returns a success containing the given value .", "otherwise returns an success containing the given value .", "otherwise returns the success containing the given value .", "otherwise returns a type success containing the given value ."]
["this only applies to classes configured by # with verbose classes ( set . . . ) verbose classes .", "the only applies to classes configured by # with verbose classes ( string . . . ) verbose classes .", "this only applies to classes configured by # verbose classes ( string . . . ) verbose classes .", "this only set to classes configured by # with verbose classes ( string . . . ) verbose classes .", "this only applies to classes configured by # to verbose classes ( string . . . ) verbose classes ."]
["adds next payload type information update request to request type # rtp _ description _ update query currently being built .", "adds next payload type information update request to request type # rtp _ description _ update query being built .", "adds next payload type information update request to request type # rtp _ channel _ update query currently being built .", "adds next payload type information update request to request type # rtp _ update query currently being built .", "adds next payload type information update request to request type # description _ update query currently being built ."]
["group :", ": consumer", "group :", "group : lazy", "group : producer"]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["returns the builder for the settings used for calls to stub table .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to table table .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to stub .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to bigtable table .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to table ."]
["returns an immutable list containing nine elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing nine elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing nine elements .", "returns an list containing nine elements .", "returns a list containing nine elements ."]
["sets the selection model .", "sets the model for this listing .", "returns the selection model for this listing .", "updates the selection model for this listing .", "removes the selection model for this listing ."]
["iterating with two progenius for a draw", "iterating with two progenius for an", "iterating with %UNK% progenius for a draw", "iterating with two progenius for an xauth", "iterating with two progenius for a %UNK%"]
["refreshes the rendering of the specified file , or its parent , in the tree .", "refreshes the rendering of the specified file .", "returns the rendering of the specified file , or its parent , in the tree .", "refreshes the rendering of the specified file", "refreshes the rendering of the specified file ."]
["gets the amount of local iterations .", "gets the get amount of local iterations .", "returns the amount of local iterations .", "gets the amount of iterations .", "gets amount of local iterations ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["when area is downloaded , geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support syncronization .", "is downloaded , geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support syncronization .", "when map is downloaded , geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support syncronization .", "geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support syncronization .", ", geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support ."]
["called to invalidate the cache - clearing it so that subsequent calls to get api ( ) or get contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store .", "called to invalidate the api - clearing it so that subsequent calls to get service ( ) or get contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store .", "called to invalidate the cache - clearing it so that subsequent calls to api service ( ) or api contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store .", "called to api the cache - clearing it so that subsequent calls to get service ( ) or get contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store .", "called to invalidate the cache - clearing it so that subsequent calls to api service ( ) or get contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store ."]
["i . e . index 0 of the new base time series will be index start index of this time series .", "i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "base i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "i . e . index 0 of the new base series will be index start index of this time series .", "index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series ."]
["close pull request leaves issue open if no rebase mode .", "pull request leaves issue open if no rebase mode .", "leaves issue open if no rebase mode .", "issue open if no rebase mode .", "close pull request leaves issue open ."]
["the create rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the key rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the create vault rsa key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified ."]
["removes the citation of the entries entry as it ' s not needed anymore", "removes the citation of the removed entries as it ' s not needed anymore", "removes the citation of this entry as it ' s not needed anymore", "removes the entries of the removed entry as it ' s not needed anymore", "removes the citation of a removed entry as it ' s not needed anymore"]
["unless backing array needs resizing in o ( 1 ) time .", "unless backing array needs , operates in o ( 1 ) time .", "unless backing array needs resizing , operates in o time .", "unless backing array needs resizing , operates in o ( add ) time .", "unless backing add needs resizing , operates in o ( 1 ) time ."]
["construct a new member summary builder .", "construct a new summary builder .", "get a new member summary builder .", "a new member summary builder .", "return a new member summary builder ."]
["returns the current writer of the segment .", "returns the current range of the segment .", "returns the current next of the segment .", "returns the writer of the segment .", "returns the writer ."]
["the secret is required .", "the key vault secret is required .", "the secret is key .", "the key secret is required .", "the secret is key vault required ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["the unicode provided has to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction .", "the unicode has to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction .", "has to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction .", "provided has to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction .", "the unicode provided is to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction ."]
["the value is \" put \" , which means it is either replaced or added .", "the value is \" put \" , which means it is either replaced .", "the value is \" put \" configuration , which means it is either replaced or added .", "the value is \" put configuration \" , which means it is either replaced or added .", "a value is \" put \" , which means it is either replaced or added ."]
["stage where the actual wrapped method call occurs .", "where the actual wrapped method call occurs .", "stage where the actual wrapped method call proceed .", "proceed where the actual wrapped method call occurs .", "stage occurs ."]
["conditions can be imported statically from execution event conditions and test execution result conditions .", "conditions can be imported statically event conditions and test execution result conditions .", "conditions can be imported statically from event conditions and test result conditions .", "conditions can be imported statically from conditions and test execution result conditions .", "conditions can be imported statically from execution conditions and test execution result conditions ."]
["creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "returns a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates updates the content of an existing block blob ."]
["check if a user with the given email exits in database", "check if a user user with the given email exits in database", "check if an active user with the given email exits in database", "check if an active user with the given email exits in database .", "returns if an active user with the given email exits in database"]
["basic test of \" requires public \" : m1 requires m2 , m2 requires public transitive1", "basic test of \" requires public \" : transitive1 requires m2 , m2 requires public m3", "basic test \" requires public \" : m1 requires of transitive1 , m2 requires public m3", "basic test of transitive1 requires public \" : m1 requires m2 , m2 requires public m3", "basic test requires of \" transitive1 \" : m1 requires m2 , m2 requires public m3"]
["uses the iconics image view styleable tags to get the iconics data of menu items", "uses the iconics image view styleable tags to get the iconics data", "uses the iconics image view styleable tags get the iconics data of", "uses the iconics image view tags to get the iconics data of menu", "uses the iconics image view styleable tags to returns the iconics data of menu items"]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details ."]
["updates a single entry of the local entity map with the given key and value , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster .", "updates a single entry of the entity map with the given key and value , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster .", "updates a entry of the local entity map with the given key and value , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster .", "updates a single entry of the local entity map with the given key , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster .", "updates a single entry of the local entity map with the given and value , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster ."]
["returns an immutable list containing six elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing six elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing six elements .", "returns an list containing six elements .", "returns a list containing six elements ."]
["set the output .", "add the output .", "returns the output .", "set the output .", "set the dialog ."]
["creates a behavior that uses the given serializable function function to do something with a component ' s attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable function to do something with a component ' s attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket serializable function to do something with a component ' s attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given function function to do something with a component ' s attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable function function to do something with a component ' s attribute ."]
["the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters ( object , java . util . optional ) .", "the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters ( object , optional )", "the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters ( object , optional ) .", "the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters , java . optional ) .", "the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters ( object , ) ."]
["leader election .", "start leader election .", "start election .", "start leader .", "start election ."]
["to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and topic .", "to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and the topic .", "to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and to the topic", "to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and .", "to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and to the topic ."]
["code snippets for blob async client # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # set http ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # http headers httpheaders ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob async client # set http headers"]
["returns the formatted request date and time of the signing date in utc zone .", "returns the signing request date and time of the signing date in utc zone .", "returns the formatted date and time of the formatted request date in utc zone .", "returns the formatted date and time of the signing request date in utc zone .", "returns the and time of the signing date in utc zone ."]
["the connection is a : type .", "the option is a : type .", "the option is a : connection .", "a : type .", "the connection timeout is a : type ."]
["this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire titan cluster and reached a stable state .", "this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire janus cluster and reached a stable state .", "this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire titan janus and reached a stable state .", "this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire titan and reached a stable state .", "this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire titan cluster ."]
["note : giving argument doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped .", "giving argument doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped .", "note : giving wrap doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped .", "argument doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped .", "wrap : giving argument doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped ."]
["calculate sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector", "calculate sum of the elements in a column , and return as a vector", "sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector", "degrees sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector", "calculate sum of all elements in the column , and return as the vector"]
["notifies the registered listeners that a user has been removed .", "sets the registered listeners that a user has been removed .", "notifies the registered listeners that the user has been removed .", "notifies the registered listeners that an user has been removed .", "returns the registered listeners that a user has been removed ."]
["converts an entity to a document .", "converts an entity to an document .", "converts an entity to a document .", "converts an entity to document .", "converts an entity to an document document ."]
["return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized ( after running the optimizers ) ."]
["try a sigterm once , then try again ( twice ) with sigkill .", "try a sigterm once , then try again with sigkill .", "try a sigterm once , then try again ( ) with sigkill .", "try the sigterm once , then try again ( twice ) with sigkill .", "try a sigterm once then try again ( with sigkill ."]
["relationship type for the left or right label as indicated by the second parameter .", "relationship type for the left or right type as indicated by the second parameter .", "relationship type for the left or type label as indicated by the second parameter .", "relationship type for the type or right label as indicated by the second parameter .", "relationship type for the left or type as indicated by the second parameter ."]
["this is an overload of # retrieve users ( int ) with 100 .", "this is an overload of # users ( int ) with 100 .", "this is an overload of # retrieve users with 100 .", "this is an overload of # retrieve users ( int ) with 100 .", "this is an overload of # retrieve users ( retrieve ) with 100 ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given net node .", "then build a list of node differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given net endpoint .", "then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the node in the gossip digest and the node in the local state for a given net endpoint .", "then build a list version differences i . e difference between of the node in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given net endpoint .", "then build a list of version differences i . e difference the of node in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given net endpoint ."]
["joins a series into an entire row of comma separated values .", "joins a collection into an entire row of comma separated values .", "joins a double into an entire row of comma separated values .", "joins an element into an entire row of comma separated values .", "joins a data into an entire row of comma separated values ."]
["returns the ( sample std dev ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample sample std dev of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample std ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample sample std dev of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample sample std of the values within a dataset ."]
["updates the classifier .", "updates the classifier with the given .", "updates the classifier with the given class .", "updates the classifier with the given occurrences .", "updates the classifier with the given classifier ."]
["the maximum number of statements that can remain idle in the pool , without extra ones being released , or negative for no limit .", "idle in the pool , without extra ones being released , or negative for no limit .", "statements that can remain idle in the pool , without extra ones being released , or negative for no limit .", "the maximum number of statements that can remain idle in the pool , without extra ones being released ,", "the maximum number of statements that can remain idle in the pool , without extra ones being released"]
["load balancing decision are based on this normalized # get availability ( ) score ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) .", "load balancing decision are based on this normalized # get availability ( ) availability ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) .", "load balancing decision are based on this normalized # availability ( ) score ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) .", "load balancing decision are based on this normalized # get availability ( ) availability ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) .", "load balancing decision are based on this normalized # get availability ( ) get availability ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) ."]
["getter parameter value for is auto reconciled", "getter parameter value for auto reconciled", "getter parameter value for auto reconciled automatically", "getter parameter value for is auto reconciled", "getter parameter value for auto reconciled"]
["sets \" global \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" cors \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" set \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" global \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" assert \" cors configuration based on url patterns ."]
["returns the primitive name .", "returns the name .", "returns the name id .", "returns the identifier .", "returns the name name ."]
["returns a inferred row coder with schema factory overridden by row type factory .", "returns a inferred row coder factory overridden by row type factory .", "returns a inferred row coder with schema schema factory overridden by row type factory .", "returns a inferred row coder with row type factory overridden with schema factory .", "returns a inferred row coder with factory overridden by type factory ."]
["applies the default camel bean post processor to this instance .", "applies the camel bean post processor to this instance .", "applies the default camel post processor to this instance .", "applies the default camel context post processor to this instance .", "returns the default camel bean post processor to this instance ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get configuration setting # string - string - offset date time", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get get configuration # string - string - offset date time", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get setting # string - string - date time", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get setting # string - string - offset date time", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . setting # string - string - offset date time"]
["api allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per language", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per language .", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per", "allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per language", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per distinctbylocale"]
["the level of logging .", "logging required .", "the level required .", "the of logging required .", "level of logging required ."]
["sets the option query service with the specified option query service .", "sets the statistic repository with the specified option query .", "sets the statistic repository with the specified option query service .", "sets the statistic query with the specified statistic repository .", "sets the option query service ."]
["or throws a no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found", "or throws a opensocial no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a opensocial . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "operation is eventually consistent .", "this operation is eventually ."]
["an instance of instance region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load .", "an instance of permissive region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load .", "an instance of failed region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load .", "an instance of region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load .", "an instance of applicable region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load ."]
["if the items is already collapsed , does nothing .", "if the item is already collapsed , does nothing .", "if the . is already collapsed , does nothing .", "if the item is already collapsed .", "if the . items is already collapsed , does nothing ."]
["returns the configured java script head include resources .", "returns the configured script head include resources .", "returns the configured head include resources .", "returns the configured java script head resources .", "returns the java script head include resources ."]
["takes a package and a relative path to a resource .", "takes a package and a path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource .", "takes a relative path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource .", "takes a package a resource and returns an absolute path to .", "takes a package and a relative path to a resource and returns an to the resource ."]
["use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to discover on the bigdata build information .", "reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to and report on the bigdata build information ."]
["returns a collection of model objects which are based on the given permissions and target entity .", "returns a collection of model objects which are based on the given permissions and target permissions .", "returns a collection of model objects which are based on the given permissions and target user .", "returns a collection of model objects which are based on the given permissions and entity user .", "returns a collection of model entity which are based on the given permissions and target user ."]
["called from fritz aha update xml callback to provide new values for things .", "called from aha update xml callback to provide new values for things .", "called from fritz aha xml callback to provide new values for things .", "called from fritz update xml callback to provide new values for things .", "called from fritz aha xml callback to provide new values for things ."]
["gets the type .", "gets the value type .", "gets value type .", "gets the type type .", "returns the value type ."]
["sets on click listener of the car menu item .", "sets view on click listener of the car menu item", "sets click listener of the car menu item .", "sets view click listener of the car menu item .", "sets view of the car menu item ."]
["apply the xpath and assert the number of nodes found .", "apply the xpath the number of nodes found .", "apply the xpath .", "returns the xpath and assert the number of nodes found .", "the xpath and assert the number of nodes found ."]
["getting raw updates handler if set", "getting raw updates handler set", "getting raw updates handler raw if set", "getting raw updates handler", "getting raw updates handler updates if set"]
["prints out the pair of objects found in the file that is the first and only argument .", "objects found in the file that is the first and only argument .", "the file that is the first and only argument .", "file that is the first and only argument .", "the prints out the pair of objects found in the file that is the first and only argument ."]
["the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .", "the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , ) for the identity trust store for connections created by this listener .", "the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , connection ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .", "store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity trust store for connections created by this listener .", "jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener ."]
["checks whether the ' public ports ' field has been set", "checks whether the ' ports port ' field has been set", "checks whether the ' ports ' field has been set", "checks whether the ' public ports ' field has been set", "checks whether the ' public ' field has been set"]
["find if there is an \" engine option \" ( covers engine and instruments options ) present among the given options .", "find if there is an \" engine option \" ( covers engine present among the given options .", "find if there is an \" engine option \" ( covers engine and instruments ) present among the given options .", "find if there is an \" engine option \" ( covers engine and instruments present among the given options .", "find if there is an \" engine option \" ( covers engine and instruments ) present among the given options ."]
["the option will be converted to a", "the option will be converted to any", "the option will be converted to a public", "the option will be converted to the", "the option will be converted to"]
["set the zoned date that this token was created", "set the date", "set the time that this token was created", "set this token was created", "set the date that this token was created ."]
["returns a value supplier that serves the value passed in", "returns a basic org . ehcache . value supplier that serves the value passed in", "returns a basic org . value supplier that serves the value passed in", "returns a basic supplier that serves the passed in", "returns a supplier that serves the value passed in"]
["reads a api request from information found in the inbound portion of the http request .", "reads a request from information found in the inbound portion of the http request .", "reads an api request from information found in the inbound portion of the http request .", "reads a service api from information found in the inbound portion of the http request .", "reads a api request from information found in the api portion of the http request ."]
["helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported grade wrapper depending on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper spreadsheet on its type", "helper to parse the imported file into an imported spreadsheet wrapper depending on its spreadsheet"]
["delete child from this node", "child from this node", "delete child from the node", "delete child from this node", "delete child from this key"]
["find all app glide modules and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) .", "find all root app modules and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) .", "find all glide modules and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) .", "find all module glide modules and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) .", "find all root glide app and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) ."]
["remove all identities which are not used by other services", "remove identities which are not used by other services or components", "remove all identities which are not used", "remove the identities which are not used by other services or components", "remove all identities which are not used components"]
["returns expr if at least one argument returns the empty sequence .", "returns true expr if at least one argument returns the empty sequence .", "returns if at least one argument returns the empty sequence .", "returns true if at expr one argument returns the empty sequence .", "returns this if at least one argument returns the empty sequence ."]
["this method is called from # copy ( ) .", "this method is called from copy ( ) .", "this method is called from # copy .", "this method is called from # params ( ) .", "this method is called from the # copy ( ) ."]
["these trytes can then be easily converted into the actual transaction object .", "these trytes can then be converted into the actual transaction object .", "the trytes can then be easily converted into the actual transaction object .", "these trytes can then be transaction converted into the actual transaction object .", "these trytes can then be trytes converted into the actual transaction object ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["queries _ mapping definition to automatically detect all types for a", "queries _ mapping definition to automatically detect all types for a indices", "indices _ mapping definition to automatically detect all types for an index", "queries _ mapping definition to indices detect all types for an index", "queries _ indices definition to automatically detect all types for an index"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["setter for # exposed headers", "setter for # exposed", "setter for # only exposed headers", "setter for # allow exposed headers", "setter for # only requested headers"]
["this works if # dbnodes is set to true .", "this works if the # dbnodes is set to true .", "the works if # dbnodes is set to true .", "this binary if # dbnodes is set to true .", "this works if # dbnodes is returns to true ."]
["returns true if field ttl action not used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action is not used set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action used used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action is not set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["publication # is original ( ) is true , then an archive exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated .", "publication # is original ( ) is true , then an archive exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated .", "publication # is original ( ) is true , then a archive exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated .", "publication # is original ( ) is true , then an exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated .", "publication # is original ( ) is true , then an aeron exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated ."]
["a set prepare source action to be executed .", "schedules a prepare source action to be executed .", "schedules a prepare media source action to be executed .", "schedules a prepare source to be executed .", "schedules a prepare source to be executed ."]
["start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new binding class - based service binding .", "start building a new class - based service binding .", "start building a new class class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - based service binding ."]
["send request for execution # cli .", "send request for execution # cli io .", "send request for execution via # if io .", "send request for execution via # jdbc io .", "send request for execution via # cli io ."]
["returns a session attribute .", "returns a session name .", "returns a session .", "returns the session attribute .", "returns a name attribute ."]
["returns the list documents that have been processed or if no documents were present .", "returns the that have been processed or if no documents were present .", "returns the list documents that have been processed .", "returns the list documents that have been processed or if no documents were present .", "gets the list documents that have been processed or if no documents were present ."]
["see # set padding ( float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( int float , int , int )", "see # set padding , float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )", "see # set padding ( int ( float ( float ( float )"]
["caching of gh1197 expression results ( gh - 1197 ) .", "caching of path expression results ( gh - 1197 ) .", "caching of expression results ( gh - 1197 ) .", "caching of gh1197 results ( gh - 1197 ) .", "gh1197 of path expression results ( gh - 1197 ) ."]
["returns an uri to view the details of the group identified by the given uri .", "returns an to view the details of the group identified by the given uri .", "returns a uri to view the details of the group identified by the given uri .", "returns details of the group identified by the given uri .", "returns a the details of the group identified by the given uri ."]
["returns current socket timeout limit , default is 10000 ( 10sec )", "returns current socket connect timeout limit ( milliseconds ) , default is 10000 ( 10sec )", "returns current connect timeout limit ( milliseconds ) , default is 10000 ( 10sec )", "returns current socket timeout ( milliseconds ) , default is 10000 ( 10sec )", "returns current timeout limit ( milliseconds ) , default is 10000 ( 10sec )"]
["this is either a colon \" : \" followed by the channel number , or the empty string .", "this is either a colon \" : \" followed by the channel number , or the empty string .", "this is either a colon \" : \" followed by the channel number .", "this is either a colon \" : \" followed by the channel number", "\" followed by the channel number , or the empty string ."]
["gets the batch size .", "gets the get batch size .", "returns the batch size .", "gets the size .", "gets batch size ."]
["compares the relative fitness of two sets of parameter types in terms of matching a third set of runtime parameter types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) .", "compares the relative fitness of sets of parameter types in terms of matching a third set of runtime parameter types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) .", "compares the relative fitness of two sets types in terms matching a third set of runtime parameter types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) .", "compares the fitness of two sets of parameter types in terms of matching a third set of runtime parameter types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) .", "compares the relative fitness of two sets of types in terms of matching a third set of runtime types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) ."]
["the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted a type .", "the option will be converted to a configurer .", "the option will be converted to the type ."]
["informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has started / stopped", "informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has broadcast / stopped", "informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has started / broadcast", "informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has started / stopped .", "informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has notify / stopped"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for console and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["creates a document from this point", "creates a document document from this point", "creates an document from this point", "creates a dbobject from this point", "creates a point"]
["the attribute values of annotations must be primitive or string constants .", "the attribute values of annotations must be primitive .", "the attribute values of annotations must be primitive constants .", "the attribute values of annotations must be primitive or field constants .", "the attribute values of field must be primitive or string constants ."]
["compares if the given actual matches another md5 hash .", "compares if the matches another md5 hash .", "compares if the given md5 matches another md5 hash .", "compares if the given md5 matches given actual hash .", "compares if the given md5 matches hash ."]
["or o onto v inplace , i . e .", "or o onto v inplace", "o onto v inplace ,", "o onto v inplace , . e .", "or o onto v inplace . e ."]
["get the certificates of all processed certificates until now .", "get the certificate of all processed certificates until now .", "get the certificates map of all processed certificates until now .", "get the certificate certificates of all processed certificates until now .", "get the certificates store of all processed certificates until now ."]
["attaches image observer to the load icon of this node .", "attaches observer to the load icon of this node .", "image observer to the load icon of this node .", "attach image observer to the load icon of this node .", "attaches tree observer to the load icon of this node ."]
["this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file or input stream , closes the underlying resource , and return the results in linked hash map .", "this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file or stream , closes the underlying resource , and return the results in linked hash map .", "this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file or input stream , closes the resource , and return the results in linked hash map .", "this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file stream , closes the underlying resource , and return the results in linked hash map .", "this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file or input stream , closes the underlying resource , return the results in linked hash map ."]
["map name to the new name .", "map module name to the new name .", "module name to the new name .", "map module name .", "map module to the new ."]
["makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module module visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module visitor module this open declaration ."]
["new attribute statement .", "given attribute statement .", "attribute statement .", "new attribute statement .", "new statement ."]
["encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi profile group member to a action profile member .", "encode a action group pi profile to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member ."]
["map a json string to a javabean .", "map a json string to a javabean .", "a json string to a javabean .", "json a json string to a javabean .", "object a json string to a javabean ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["initialize the ssl context , factory .", "initialize the ssl context factory and .", "initialize the ssl context factory and .", "initialize the ssl context .", "initialize the ssl context and verifier ."]
["decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "returns a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes the byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "saves a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes an byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' ."]
["create single chunks on the already existing empty frame .", "chunks single chunk on the already existing empty frame .", "create chunks on the already existing empty frame .", "create chunks chunk on the already existing empty frame .", "create single chunks on the already existing empty frame ."]
["create a job state change unless one exists in the context already .", "create an job state change unless one exists in the context already .", "create a job state unless one exists in the context already .", "create a job state change snspublisher unless one exists in the context already .", "create an job state change snspublisher unless one exists in the context already ."]
["close the exception to all registered child channels , and prohibits new streams being created on this connection .", "delivers the exception to all registered child channels created on .", "sets the exception to all registered child channels , and prohibits new streams being created on this connection .", "build the exception to all registered child channels , and prohibits new streams being created on this connection .", "delivers the exception to all registered loop channels , and prohibits new streams being created on this connection ."]
["so , if the given quaterniondc is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", ", if the given quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the quaterniondc quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the quaterniondc ."]
["invoke requires ( requires [ ] )", "invoke builder . requires", "invoke builder . requires ( requires )", "builder requires ( requires [ ] )", "invoke builder ( requires [ ] )"]
["property sxappstore", "property sxsysappdata", "property content", "property sxapp", "property as"]
["register an input stream .", "register an input stream as the config id .", "register a stream , using the pcollection id as the config id .", "register an input stream , using the pcollection id as the config id .", "input an input stream , using the pcollection id as the config id ."]
["get property value .", "get properties value .", "get attribute value .", "get property .", "get value ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to an module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a given module packaged as a modular jar ."]
["adds next ice transport update request to request type transport _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ice transport update request to request type # transport update query currently being built .", "adds next ice transport update request to request transport _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ice transport update request to request type # transport update query currently being built .", "adds next ice transport update request to request type # transport update query currently being built ."]
["if we failed on either stream in or out , reply fail to coordinator", "if we failed on either stream in or out , reply fail to coordinator .", "if we failed on either stream in or out , reply fail to %UNK%", "if we failed on either stream in out , fail to coordinator", "if we failed on either stream in , reply fail to coordinator"]
["finds a declaration with the given name that is in scope at the current location .", "finds a declaration name that is in scope at the current .", "returns a declaration with the given name that is in scope at the current location .", "finds the given name that is in scope at the current location .", "finds a declaration that is in scope at the current location ."]
["if the original rendering contains spaces , the returned value is the original rendering enclosed in single quotes .", "if the original rendering contains spaces , the returned value is not the original rendering enclosed in single quotes .", "if the original rendering spaces , is the original returned value is the original rendering enclosed in single quotes .", "if the original rendering contains spaces , the returned value is the original original rendering enclosed in single quotes .", "if the original rendering contains spaces , the returned value is the first original rendering enclosed in single quotes ."]
["adds a warning message to the message set .", "returns a warning message to the message set .", "adds a message to the message set .", "adds the warning message to the message set .", "adds warning message to the message set ."]
["used to store a few ui related settings for the current session only .", "used to store the few ui related settings for the current session only .", "used to store a few ui related settings for the current ui only .", "used to store a few ui ui settings for the current session only .", "used to store an few ui related settings for the current session only ."]
["comma separated list of servers to server list when starting tests", "comma separated list of servers to server when starting tests", "comma separated list of server list to start when starting tests", "comma separated list of server to start when starting tests", "comma separated list of servers to start when starting tests"]
["get the content of this element .", "get the content of this content .", "get a content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get the content of this element ."]
["first , the first record is always recorded .", "the first record is always recorded .", ", the record is always recorded .", "first , record is always recorded .", ""]
["choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json", "choosing return type is based on existence of", "choosing return type is based on existence of json", "choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json .", "choosing return type is based on existence of"]
["convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone .", "convert a utc datetime millis to .", "convert a utc datetime in millis to a encoded date in the default timezone .", "convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date .", "convert a date datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone ."]
["sets the param webserverscript .", "sets the param consolescript .", "sets the webserverscript consolescript .", "sets the param .", "sets the param webserverscript ."]
["returns the optional of the rows to be read / built .", "returns the of the rows to be read / built .", "returns the indexes of the rows to be read .", "returns the optional indexes of the rows to be read / built .", "returns the rows to be read / built ."]
["datascience is always available as long as there is a valid license", "datascience is always available as long as there is a analytics license", "datascience is always available as there is a valid license", "datascience is always available as long as there is the valid license", "datascience is always available as analytics as there is a valid license"]
["provide a lazy job process manager bean if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "provide a lazy job manager manager bean if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "provide a lazy job process bean if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "provide a lazy job service bean if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "provide a lazy job manager bean if one hasn ' t already been defined ."]
["data reads annotation element data on provided accessible object .", "reads annotation element annotation data on provided accessible object .", "reads annotation data annotation data on provided annotated element object .", "reads annotation data annotation data on provided annotated element object .", "reads annotation data annotation data on provided annotated element object ."]
["returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on the", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on application", "returns the built - in application account ' s credential for the application if running on", "returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on the application"]
["sets the dose units of this drug order", "sets the dose of this drug order", "sets units of this drug order", "sets the of this drug order", "sets dose units of this drug order"]
["generates a valid document id for a api referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .", "generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve a api from es .", "generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the api from es .", "generates a api document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .", "generates a valid document id for a api referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es ."]
["determines whether a character is upper case according to plain character # is upper case ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is upper case according to plain character # is upper case ( ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is upper case according to plain character # is upper case ( ) java ' s definition", "determines whether a is upper case according to plain # is upper case ( char ) java ' s definition .", "determines whether a character is upper case according to plain character # is upper case ( char ) java ' s definition ."]
["tests that when an etag configuration is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an configuration etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an configuration <INSERT_END> is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the ."]
["returns the t with the given id from the pool", "returns the object with the given id from the pool", "returns the t t with the given id from the pool", "returns the id from the pool", "returns the with the given id from the pool"]
["the on error resume with method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume method changes this behavior .", "the on error with next method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume next method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume with method changes this behavior ."]
["log execution statistics .", "log rule execution statistics .", "log rule statistics .", "log rule execution .", "log irunning execution statistics ."]
["returns the specified name attribute of a session .", "returns the specified session attribute of a name .", "returns the attribute of a session .", "returns the specified name attribute of a name .", "returns the specified session attribute of a name ."]
["checks whether the openstack node contains the given physical interface .", "checks whether the node contains the given physical patch port .", "checks whether the openstack node contains the given physical patch port .", "checks whether the openstack node contains the given physical .", "checks whether the openstack node contains the given patch port ."]
["checks if the given key is present in the modified properties of this queue .", "checks if the given key is present in the this queue .", "checks if the given graph key is present in the modified properties of this queue .", "checks if the given graph is present in the modified properties of this queue .", "checks if the given key is present in the ."]
["does this time interval contain the specified time interval completely .", "does this time interval contain the specified time interval .", "does interval contain the specified time interval completely .", "does contain the specified time interval completely .", "does this time interval interval contain the specified time interval completely ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["obtains the type from a name .", "obtains the type .", "obtains the type from an name .", "obtains the type from a price name .", "obtains the type from"]
["when the byte array is converted to a string , the is used .", "when the standard array is converted to a string , the utf - 8 is used .", "when the byte array is converted to a string is used .", "when string , the utf - 8 is used .", "when the utf - 8 is used ."]
["this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , optional , optional ) ."]
["this is necessary as the custom parameters must be applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the consumer of this api will add them in the right order .", "this is necessary as the build parameters must be applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the consumer of this api will add them in the right order .", "this is necessary as the custom parameters must be applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the build of this api will add them in the right order .", "applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the consumer of this api will add them in the right order .", "this is necessary as the custom build must be applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the consumer of this api will add them in the right order ."]
["return the data flavors for this transfer", "return the unittest for this", "return the data flavors for this data configuration .", "return the for this", "return the data flavors for this transfer configuration ."]
["create a new xml with the new type b .", "create a new reader with the new type b .", "create a xml reader with the new type b .", "create reader with the new type b .", "create a given reader with the new type b ."]
["invoke provides ( provides [ ] provides )", "builder provides ( provides [ ] provides )", "provides ( provides [ ] provides )", "invoke builder . provides", "invoke builder . provides )"]
["the aspect ratio method is called", "the ratio method is called", "aspect ratio method is called", "the 100 ratio method is called", "the aspect ratio method is called ."]
["this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , optional , optional ) ."]
["get upc / ean .", "get upc _ cu / ean .", "get upc .", "get cu upc / ean .", "get _ cu upc / ean ."]
["set parser state to processing instructions state .", "set parser state to processing instruction state .", "set parser state to processing state .", "set parser state to processing instructions .", "set parser state to state ."]
["throw an illegal argument exception if the request is null .", "throw an illegal argument exception if the request is null or negative .", "throw an illegal argument exception if the request is or negative .", "throw illegal argument exception if the request is null or negative .", "an illegal argument exception if the request is null or negative ."]
["adds a state ( as a vertex ) to the state - flow graph if not already present .", "adds a state to the state - flow graph if not already present .", "adds a vertex ( as a vertix ) to the vertex - flow graph if not already present .", "adds a state ( as a ) to the state - flow graph if not already present .", "adds a state ( as an vertex ) to the state - flow graph if not already present ."]
["whether the calendar should be infinite or limited to a number of days .", "whether the true should be infinite or limited to a number of days .", "whether the calendar should be infinite to a number of days .", "whether the calendar should be infinite or limited to a number of true .", "whether the calendar should be true or limited to a number of days ."]
["if a restart recovery is currently pending , this recovery is included in the count .", "if a full recovery is currently pending , this recovery is included in the count .", "if a full restart recovery is pending , this recovery is included in the count .", "if a full restart recovery is currently , this recovery is included in the count .", "if a number restart recovery is currently pending , this recovery is included in the count ."]
["day of year and millis of day .", "the fields are year , day of year and millis of day .", "the 4 fields are year , day of year and millis of day .", "year , day of year and millis of day .", "the supported fields are year year and millis of day ."]
["add validation for a particular signature", "add verification for a particular signature", "add validation for the particular signature", "add validation for a particular signature .", "add validation for a particular verification"]
["store the exp of the current assignment statement in the given scope .", "store the result of the current assignment statement in the given exp .", "store the result of the current assignment exp in the given scope .", "store the result of the current exp statement in the given scope .", "store the current assignment statement in the given scope ."]
["also : [ working with grammars ] ( url ) [ add grammars to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", ": [ working with grammars ] ( url ) [ add grammars to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "[ working with grammars ] ( url ) [ add grammars to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ working with grammars ] ( url ) [ add grammars to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ working with ] ( url ) [ add to the custom language model ] ( url ) ."]
["returns a number that encodes how % type % of the arrangement are aligned vertically .", "returns a number that encodes how contents of the arrangement are aligned vertically .", "returns a number that encodes how contents of the % type % are aligned vertically .", "returns a number that % type % how contents of the arrangement are aligned vertically .", "returns a % type % that encodes how contents of the arrangement are aligned vertically ."]
["this delegates to # execute ( command sender [ ] , command messages ) .", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , resource , resource [ ] , command messages ) .", "this delegates to # execute ( resource sender , string , string [ ] , resource messages ) .", "this delegates to # execute ( command sender , resource bundle , resource bundle [ ] , command messages ) .", "this delegates to # execute command sender , string [ ] command messages ) ."]
["since this may read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the opening of the inputs .", "since this may read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the opening checking of the inputs .", "since this may read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the and checking of the inputs .", "since this read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the opening and checking of the inputs .", "this may read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the opening and checking of the inputs ."]
["get offset parameter index .", "get offset parameter .", "get parameter index segment .", "get parameter segment .", "get offset parameter index ."]
["what happens when you put an object in an entity ?", "what happens when you put a in an entity ?", "what property when you put an object in an entity ?", "what happens when you put an object in a ?", "what happens when you property an object in an entity ?"]
["returns the java types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java types to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java types corresponding to the argument types .", "gets the java types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor ."]
["the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum .", "the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum and maximum widths zeroes are omitted .", "the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum zeroes are omitted .", "the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum are omitted .", "the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum"]
["event is recorded history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the", "signaled event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the domain .", "signaled event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow", "event is recorded history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the .", "recorded in history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the"]
["determines if an is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her account ."]
["creates external docs open api definition .", "creates external docs open definition .", "creates external docs swagger definition .", "creates external docs definition .", "creates external docs api api definition ."]
["if no filter is specified , a default of \" ( user class = ) \" is returned .", "if no filter is specified , a default of user ( object class = ) \" is returned .", "if no filter is specified , a default of \" ( class = ) \" is returned .", "if no filter is specified , a default ( object class = ) \" is returned .", "if no filter is specified , a default of \" ( object class = ) \" is returned ."]
["creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given file .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the path ."]
["returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . invoke . member name .", "returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . invoke . method .", "returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . member name .", "returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . invoke . name", "returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . . member method ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["returns the number of open flows on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of open flows on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of open flows on this connection .", "returns the number of open flow on this connection , if the connection has been established .", "returns the number of returns flows on this connection , if the connection has been established ."]
["runs bean level validators on the bean after saving .", "runs bean write validators on the bean after saving .", "runs bean level validators on the bean after write .", "runs bean level write on the bean after saving .", "runs bean validators on the bean after saving ."]
["use this method if you don ' t have the source root but a lsdocument instance for a pkg in the project .", "use this method if you don ' t have the source root but a lsdocument instance for a document in the pkg .", "use this method if you don ' t have the source root but a lsdocument instance for a doc in the project .", "use this method if you don ' t have the source root but a lsdocument instance for a document in the doc .", "use this method if you don ' t have the pkg root but a lsdocument instance for a document in the project ."]
["commits and closes the transaction without returning commit log", "commits and closes the transaction", "commits closes the transaction without", "commits and closes the transaction without returning commit log .", "commits and closes the transaction without returning %UNK% log"]
["returns a tracked device pose view of the device pose field .", "returns device pose view of the standing tracked device pose field .", "returns a tracked device pose view of the tracked device pose field .", "returns a tracked device pose view of the pose field .", "returns pose view of the standing tracked device pose field ."]
["encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action member to a action profile member .", "encode a pi profile group member to a action profile member .", "encode a action group pi profile to a action profile member .", "encode a pi action profile member to a action profile member ."]
["if the list is empty no prefiltering can be done .", "if the partitions is empty no prefiltering can be done .", "no prefiltering can be done .", "if a list is empty no prefiltering can be done .", "if the list is partitions no prefiltering can be done ."]
["or throws a calendar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["falls back on the group if the groups are the same size .", "falls back on the attribute if the groups are the same size .", "falls back on the group key if the groups are the same size .", "falls back on the file if the groups are the same size .", "falls back on the attribute if the group are the same size ."]
["create an initial optimistic locking value according the version support contract for the version property .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the support type contract for the support property .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the version support contract for the version property .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according type contract for version property .", "create an initial optimistic locking value according the support type contract for the version property ."]
["returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local later time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at local time - line overlap ."]
["register one or more component classes to be processed .", "register one or more annotated component to be processed .", "register or more annotated classes to be processed .", "register one annotated classes to be processed .", "register one or more component to be processed ."]
["returns a range of all the sync d l objects where parent = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where modified = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where repository = ?"]
["get the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "returns the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "get the accessible flag for this object .", "gets the value of the accessible flag for this object .", "returns the object of the accessible flag for this object ."]
["rotate this vector the specified axis about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians axis the given rotation axis .", "axis this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this axis the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians about the given axis axis ."]
["get a state context for the provided ptransform node and key .", "get a execution state for the provided ptransform node and key .", "get a state for the provided ptransform node and key .", "get a state and timers context for the provided ptransform node and key .", "get a state and timers for the provided ptransform node and key ."]
["creates a service which handles saml messages .", "creates a http service which handles saml messages .", "creates a service which handles saml .", "creates a service .", "returns a service which handles saml messages ."]
["return an empty list for no children , and return null for the error .", "return an empty library result for no children , and return null for the error .", "return an empty library for no children , and return null for the error .", "return an library result for no children , and return null for the error .", "return a non result for no children , and return null for the error ."]
["set the alternate intents .", "sets the alternate intents .", "builder the alternate intents .", "set the intents .", "sets the intents ."]
["this maps either the security id or the legal entity id to a group .", "this maps either the security id or the legal to a group .", "this maps either the security id or the legal to a group .", "this maps either the security legal or the legal entity id to a group .", "this maps either the legal id or the legal entity id to a group ."]
["is grand grant supported service .", "is grant type supported service .", "is grand type grant service .", "is grand supported service .", "is grand type supported service ."]
["build the extern package list from given url or the directory path , as specified with the \" - linkoffline \" flag .", "build the package list from given url or the directory path , as specified with the \" - linkoffline \" flag .", "build the extern package list from given url as specified with the \" - linkoffline \" flag .", "build the extern list from given url or the directory path , as specified with the \" - linkoffline \" flag .", "build the extern package list from given url , as specified with the \" - linkoffline \" flag ."]
["set the user id .", "sets the user id .", "set the id .", "builder the user id .", "set the user ."]
["removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity id .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata id .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity metadata .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity id ."]
["after the injection manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the instance manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after a instance manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the injection is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator ."]
["refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console logging .", "refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console logging event .", "refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console logging .", "refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console logging event .", "refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console appender ."]
["here it checks whether the sample took to long to be considered successful .", "it checks whether the sample took to long to be considered successful .", "here it checks whether the result took to long to be considered successful .", "here it checks whether the assertion took to long to be considered successful .", "here it checks whether the sample result to long to be considered successful ."]
["the calibration is defined using rates curve group definition .", "the calibration is defined using curve group definition .", "the calibration is defined using group definition .", "the calibration is defined using rates curve group .", "the calibration is defined using rates curve definition ."]
["returns the clazz corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the string corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the builder corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given type ."]
["gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled", "gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled by scale _ factor", "gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled by witness _ scale _ factor", "gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled by", "gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled by witness"]
["checks whether this connection has an handshake initiated receiving the provided client hello .", "checks whether is ongoing handshake initiated receiving the provided client hello .", "checks whether this is ongoing handshake initiated receiving the provided client hello .", "checks whether this connection has is handshake initiated receiving the provided client hello .", "checks whether is receiving the provided client hello ."]
["code snippets for data lake path async client # set access control ( path entry access control )", "code snippets for data lake path async client # set access control ( path access control )", "code snippets for data lake path async client # set access control", "code snippets for data lake path async client # set entry access control ( path access control )", "code snippets for data lake path async client # set access control ( entry path access control )"]
["determines whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit ( char )", "determines whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit", "determines whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit ( char )", "determines whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit ( char - )", "returns whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit ( char )"]
["returns the service that identifies this service for the config - sentinel .", "returns the name that identifies this service for the config - sentinel .", "returns the string that identifies this service for the config - sentinel .", "returns the name that identifies this service for the config - sentinel .", "returns the name that identifies this service for the service - sentinel ."]
["calculate the log likelihoods of the ref / alt het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom ref log likelihood to get the log - odds .", "calculate the log10 likelihoods of the log / alt het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom ref log10 likelihood to get the log - odds .", "calculate the log10 likelihoods of the ref / log het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom ref log10 likelihood to get the log - odds .", "calculate the log10 likelihoods of the ref / alt het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom log log10 likelihood to get the log - odds .", "calculate the log likelihoods of the ref / alt het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom ref log10 likelihood to get the log - odds ."]
["returns the internal group for the specified uuid if it exists .", "returns the group group for the specified uuid if it exists .", "returns the group for the specified uuid if it exists .", "returns the present group for the specified uuid if it exists .", "returns the optional group for the specified uuid if it exists ."]
["get all test executions contained in this execution results .", "get all executions contained in this execution results .", "get all executions contained in all test execution results .", "get all executions contained in this test results .", "get the executions contained in this execution results ."]
["applies a command entry to the internal state machine .", "returns a configuration entry to the internal state machine .", "applies a entry to the internal state machine .", "applies a configuration entry to the state machine .", "applies a configuration entry to the command state machine ."]
["returns an unmodifiable map of properties for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map .", "returns an unmodifiable map of for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map of metadata for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map of properties a given alias ."]
["sets the description of the description text .", "returns the description of the description text .", "returns the description description of the description text .", "sets description description .", "returns the description description ."]
["get the current all agents state .", "get the current all list state .", "get the current all agents .", "get the current all mapping state .", "get the current all agents list ."]
["escapes a uri , replacing \" / \" and \" . \"", "escapes a uri , % \" / \" and \" . \"", "escapes a uri , 2 \" / \" and \" . \"", "escapes a 2 f , replacing \" / \" and \" . \"", "escapes a uri , 2 f \" / \" and \" . \""]
["see ichange log # transaction commited ( ) .", "see ichange log # commit commited ( ) .", "see ichange log # commited ( ) .", "see ichange log # commit transaction commited ( ) .", "see ichange log # transaction commited ."]
["with the check in the callable passed to the guava cache , we avoid building an extra context .", "with the check in the passed to the guava cache , we avoid building an extra context .", "with the check in the class passed to the guava cache , we avoid building an extra context .", "with the check in the logger passed to the guava cache , we avoid building an extra context .", "with the check , we avoid building an extra context ."]
["gets the request page number from the specified request uri and category title .", "gets the request page number from the specified request uri and category uri .", "gets the request page number from the specified request uri and tag category .", "gets the request page number from the specified request uri and uri title .", "gets the request page number from the specified request uri and category uri title ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["returns a literal for the scr service . reference cardinality .", "returns a literal for the reference cardinality .", "returns a literal for the scr cardinality .", "returns a scr for the reference cardinality .", "returns a literal for the scr service cardinality ."]
["the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted a type .", "the option will be converted to a configurer .", "the option will be converted to the type ."]
["this function completes the input future when the channel is ready .", "this function completes the input future when the channel is registered .", "this function completes the input future when the ready is registered .", "this function completes the input future .", "this function completes the future when the channel is registered ."]
["delegates to parameter resolution delegate # resolve dependency .", "delegates to autowire parameter resolution delegate # resolve dependency .", "delegates to parameter resolution # resolve dependency .", "delegates to parameter resolution delegate delegate # resolve dependency .", "delegates to resolution resolution delegate # resolve dependency ."]
["get divisor .", "get divisor aktuell .", "get divisor kumuliert .", "get menge aktuell .", "get buchmenge ."]
["support for x11 cannot be provided due to an oversight in the way that xrecord currently operates .", "support for x11 cannot be provided due to an oversight in the reserved that xrecord currently operates .", "support for reserved cannot be provided due to an oversight in the way that xrecord currently operates .", "support for x11 cannot be provided due to an reserved in the way that xrecord currently operates .", "support for x11 cannot be provided due to an oversight in the way that reserved currently operates ."]
["removes an on destination changed listener from this controller .", "removes an on current changed listener from this controller .", "removes an on destination destination listener from this controller .", "removes an on destination changed changed listener from this controller .", "removes an on current destination listener from this controller ."]
["if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal is thrown .", "if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .", "if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal is thrown ."]
["create an array of maps sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of map sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of map sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in ."]
["timeout waiting to hear the canvass of all cluster members before voting if a majority have been heard from .", "timeout waiting to canvass the status of all cluster members before voting if a majority have been heard from .", "timeout waiting to hear the status of all canvass members before voting if a majority have been heard from .", "timeout waiting to hear the startup of all cluster members before voting if a majority have been heard from .", "timeout waiting to hear the status of all cluster members before canvass if a majority have been heard from ."]
["value string .", "jsonify string .", "object string .", "json string .", "to json string ."]
["parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation and builds open api definition .", "parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation and builds open definition .", "parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation and builds api api definition .", "parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation and builds swagger definition .", "parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation ."]
["gets the synonym .", "gets the synonym text .", "gets the synonym text .", "returns the synonym .", "get the synonym ."]
["complexity : 6 trigonometric functions .", "complexity : 6 emulated ) trigonometric functions .", "complexity 6 ( 2 of which emulated ) trigonometric functions .", "complexity : 6 ) trigonometric functions .", "complexity ( 2 of which emulated ) trigonometric functions ."]
["specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a button with an assigned image is pressed .", "specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a % with an assigned image is pressed .", "specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a type with an assigned image is pressed .", "specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a % type with an assigned image is pressed .", "specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a button with an assigned % is pressed ."]
["overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connect fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , connect state listener , connect connection fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server reconnect fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server reconnect fail listener ) with only one listener .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server reconnect listener ) with only one listener ."]
["creates a rfc - 6454 comparable origin from the origin string .", "creates a rfc - 6454 uri origin from the origin string .", "creates a rfc - 6454 comparable origin from the uri string .", "creates a rfc - 6454 comparable uri from the uri string .", "creates a uri - 6454 comparable origin from the origin string ."]
["creates an instance of row factory using provided schema factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of schema factory using provided row type factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of schema using provided row type factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using provided schema type factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using provided schema and generated getter factory ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an statement from the pool ."]
["special handling for ntfs ads : don ' t accept colon in the file name .", "special handling for ntfs ads : don ' t accept colon in the file .", "special handling for ntfs ads : don ' t accept colon in the name name .", "special handling for file name ads : don ' t accept colon in the filename .", "special handling for ntfs ads : don ' t accept colon in the name ."]
["to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster .", "cluster api to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster .", "for more information , see modify cluster api to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster .", "api to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster", "api to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster ."]
["report the reference point for the moving inter located on ' location ' point .", "report the reference point for the moving inter located on ' staff ' point .", "report the location point for the moving inter located on ' center ' point .", "report the reference point for the moving inter located on .", "report the reference point for the moving inter located on"]
["get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager injection manager container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given injection provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance injection instance injection container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked injection providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager instance manager container ."]
["this method returns the textual part of the file name before the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of the file before the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of the name name before the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of file name before the last dot .", "this method returns the file name part of the filename before the last dot ."]
["the second record is gets decrypted so the method also checks its content .", "the second record is gets decrypted so this method also checks the content .", "this record is gets decrypted so this method also checks its content .", "the second record is gets decrypted so this method also checks its record .", "the second record is returns decrypted so this method also checks its content ."]
["obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql point .", "obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified end point .", "obtain a repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .", "returns a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point ."]
["get infrastructure properties # # # functional description : dracoon infrastructure properties entry point .", "get infrastructure properties dracoon infrastructure properties entry point .", "return infrastructure properties # # # functional description : dracoon infrastructure properties entry point .", "get infrastructure properties # # # functional infrastructure : dracoon infrastructure properties entry point .", "get infrastructure properties # # # infrastructure description : dracoon infrastructure properties entry point ."]
["creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master resource containing that master .", "creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master containing that master .", "creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs registry containing that master .", "creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs resource containing that master .", "creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master master ."]
["checks the status of the ' batch id ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' id ' field .", "checks the ' batch id ' field .", "checks id ' field ."]
["whether the given @ init init binder method should be used to initialize the given web data binder instance .", "whether the given @ init binder method should be used to initialize the given web data binder instance .", "whether the given @ init binder method should be used to initialize the given web init init binder instance .", "whether the given @ init binder method should be used to initialize the given web data binder init init .", "whether the given @ init binder init init should be used to initialize the given web data binder instance ."]
["the rsa key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the create options # get type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa create options # get type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["set the text .", "add the text .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the text ."]
["write a line of the co nll output .", "write a line of the output .", "write a line of the nll output .", "write a line of a co nll output .", "write a line of the ."]
["returns an array containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns a containing some validators in order to validate the", "returns some validators in order to validate the", "returns an array containing the validators in order to validate the", "returns a class containing some validators in order to validate the"]
["set the sentence locations .", "set the locations location .", "set the sentence location .", "set the sentence .", "set the sentence locations ."]
["registers the dispatch context with this service dispatcher", "registers the dispatch with this service dispatcher", "registers the with this service dispatcher", "registers the dispatch context context with this service dispatcher", "registers the this service dispatcher"]
["test if the paths are the same name .", "test if the paths are the same instance .", "test if the paths are the same .", "test .", "test if the paths are the name ."]
["integers . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 n", "integers 0 . . .", "integers 0 . . . linked ."]
["create parameters necessary for creating a single use alipay source .", "create parameters necessary for creating a use alipay source .", "returns parameters necessary for creating a single use alipay source .", "create parameters necessary for creating an use alipay source .", "create source necessary for creating a single use alipay source ."]
["size of a dash array is even and sum of all the units off in the array is 0 .", "size of sum of all the units off in the array is 0 .", "size of a array is even and sum of all the units off in the array is 0 .", "size of a dash array is and sum of all the units off in the array is 0 .", "size of a dash array is even off in the array ."]
["the message channel will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get cause ( ) :", "the message channel will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get cause ( ) :", "the message receiver will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get channel ( ) :", "the channel receiver will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get cause ( ) :", "the message will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get cause ( ) :"]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an statement from the pool ."]
["associates memory cache key with image aware .", "associates memory cache key with image awares .", "associates memory cache key with aware view .", "associates memory cache key with image .", "associates memory cache key with image view ."]
["get the current file ' s imports .", "get the current file .", "gets the current file ' s imports .", "returns the current file ' s imports .", "get a current file ' s imports ."]
["sets the reserved flags for this event .", "sets the propagate reserved for this event .", "sets the reserved .", "sets the reserved for this event .", "sets the flags for this event ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "main method to verifies this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input ."]
["returns all the sync d l objects where time > ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where modified time > ?", "returns the the sync d l objects where modified time > ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where retrieve time > ?", "gets all the sync d l objects where modified time > ?"]
["converts a single output stream into multiple byte string byte strings .", "converts a single element delimited output stream into multiple byte string byte strings .", "converts a output stream into multiple byte string byte strings .", "converts a single element delimited delimited output stream into multiple byte string byte strings .", "returns a single output stream into multiple byte string byte strings ."]
["the endpoints in this policy", "the endpoints id in this policy", "the endpoint in this policy", "the endpoint id in this policy", "the endpoints in this endpoints"]
["[ if sidecar19 - se ]", "[ if sidecar19 ]", "[ if sidecar19 - se", "[ if sidecar19 - ]", "[ if sidecar19 - %UNK% ]"]
["decorates and binds the specified http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the specified http at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host ."]
["create client request filtering stage using the injection manager .", "create client request filtering stage .", "create client request filtering stage using a injection manager .", "create client request filtering stage using the instance injection .", "create client request filtering stage using an injection manager ."]
["initialization required for editing an xml bundle .", "required for editing an xml bundle .", "initialization required for editing a bundle .", "initialization required for editing a .", "key required for editing an xml bundle ."]
["return the transfer data of type data flavor from input stream", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from stream"]
["the timestamp for the recent update to the synonym .", "the timestamp most recent update to the synonym .", "the timestamp for the most recent update to the synonym .", "the most recent update to the synonym .", "the updated for the most recent update to the synonym ."]
["return the name for the selector header .", "returns the name for the selector header .", "return the name .", "return the name for the selector header .", "return the name header ."]
["search will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count .", "cloud search will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count .", "will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count .", "cloud search will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count .", "cloud will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count ."]
["sets the value of the ' row key ' field .", "sets the value of the ' key ' field .", "sets the value of the ' row ' field .", "sets the value of the row key field .", "sets the value of the key ' field ."]
["creates a list for evaluating a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments .", "creates a multi expression for evaluating a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments .", "creates a expressions for evaluating a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments .", "creates a list of evaluating a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments .", "creates a expressions a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments ."]
["test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with an file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test %UNK% module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory ."]
["response for a at which to continue the list ; if there are no more items the is .", "a at which to continue the list ; if there are no more items the is .", "check the response for a at which to continue the list ; if there are no more items the is .", "for a at which to continue the list if there are no more items the is .", "you should always check the response for a at which to continue the list ; if there are no more items the is ."]
["gets the iterable of secret properties secret properties on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of secret properties secret properties on this page .", "gets the elements of secret properties secret properties on this page .", "gets the secret properties secret properties on this page .", "gets the stream of secret properties secret properties on this page ."]
["the meta - property for the legal entity ids property .", "the meta - property for the entity ids property .", "the meta - property for the legal entity legal property .", "the meta - property for the legal entity property .", "the meta - property for the legal ids property ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details ."]
["this will always return false until the scanning service starts up , at which time it will be known .", "this will always return different until the scanning service starts up , at which time it will be known .", "this will always return false until the different service starts up , at which time it will be known .", "this will always returns false until the scanning service starts up , at which time it will be known .", "this will always return false until the scanning service starts up , at which different it will be known ."]
["get field types for an avro - generated specific record .", "get field types for an avro - generated .", "get field types for an avro - generated", "get field types for an avro - generated value .", "get field types for an avro - generated"]
["if null is passed , warn logging is turned off .", "if null is passed logging is turned off .", "if null is passed .", "if null is passed off .", "if log is passed , warn logging is turned off ."]
["this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaternionfc , float ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaternionfc , float ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaternionfc , float ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaternionfc , quaternionfc ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( float ) using their relative interpolation weights ."]
["sets the value of the ' cf name ' field", "sets the value of the ' cf ' field", "sets the value of the ' _ name ' field", "sets the value of the ' cf name ' field", "sets the value of the ' cf name '"]
["get the operator", "get the binary", "get the operator arithmetic", "get the binary arithmetic", "get the binary arithmetic operator"]
["the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the rsa options key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa create key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the rsa options key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to ."]
["transforms this try by applying either on supplier to this value or on failure to this cause .", "supplier this try by applying either on success to this value or on failure to this cause .", "transforms this supplier by applying either on success to this value or on failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by either if to this value or on failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by applying on supplier ."]
["matches the display name of the meta key to the appropriate enum type .", "matches the display name of the xry meta key to the appropriate enum type .", "matches the name name of the xry meta key to the appropriate enum type .", "matches the name of the xry meta key to the appropriate enum type .", "matches the display name of the name meta key to the appropriate enum type ."]
["epilog for any user action sequence .", "epilog for any user sequence .", "epilog for the user action sequence .", "epilog for user action sequence .", "epilog for any action sequence ."]
["the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int arithmetic .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as using arithmetic .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as int .", "the hash code for the module directive is computed as using int arithmetic ."]
["writes the api response to the http servlet response object .", "writes the service response to the http api response object .", "writes the response to the http servlet response object .", "api the service response to the http servlet response object .", "writes the service response to the http service api object ."]
["check for expected local values in the live stack frame", "check for expected known and types in the live stack frame", "check for expected known locals and types in the live stack frame", "check for local known and types in the live stack frame", "check for local known locals and types in the live stack frame"]
["set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements", "set duration specifications according to", "set duration specifications according to ' requirements . ' requirements", "set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements .", "set duration specifications according to ."]
["posts a constructive disjunction constraint", "posts a constructive disjunction cstrs", "posts a constructive disjunction", "posts the constructive disjunction constraint", "posts a constructive disjunction boolean"]
["get time unit .", "get time .", "get time information .", "get time time .", "get repeated time unit ."]
["get a copy from all member entries", "get a copy from all member entries .", "get a copy from the member entries", "get a mbr from all member entries", "get a copy from all mbr entries"]
["gets the message receiver that should be the channel for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) .", "gets the message channel that should be the target for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) .", "gets the message channel that should be the target for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) .", "gets the channel receiver that should be the target for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) .", "gets the message receiver that should be the channel for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) ."]
["unregisters a library observer which was previously registered by calling register library observer ( ) .", "unregisters a content observer which was previously registered by calling register library observer ( ) .", "unregisters a library observer which was previously registered by calling register content observer ( ) .", "unregisters a library which was previously registered by calling register library ( ) .", "unregisters a content observer which was previously registered by calling register library observer ( ) ."]
["verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at file name param .", "verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at file path name .", "verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at file path name .", "verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at name param .", "verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at file name param ."]
["sets the used for thousands separator .", "sets the character used .", "sets the separator used for thousands separator .", "returns the character used for thousands separator .", "sets the character used"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with this in annotation .", "checks to see if this is annotated with the passed in annotation ."]
["returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of major . minor . revision [ . nightly . build . id ] .", "returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of major . minor . . [ . nightly . build . id ] .", "returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of major . . . revision [ . nightly . build . id ] .", "returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of . . minor . revision [ . nightly . build . id ] .", "returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of minor . revision [ . nightly . build . id ] ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )", "43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )", "18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . + - z ] . . . )"]
["adds a camera capture session . state callback callback .", "adds a camera capture session . callback callback .", "adds a capture session . state callback callback .", "adds a callbacks capture session . state callback callback .", "adds the camera capture session . state callback callback ."]
["returns the int value if this primitive value is of int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is of size int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is of type int .", "returns the int value if this value is of type int ."]
["adds next ssrc information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next source information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc information update request to request type # source _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc source update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query being built ."]
["creates a mutable options bundle from an existing immutable config .", "creates a mutable options bundle from an existing immutable configuration .", "creates a mutable options bundle from an existing config .", "creates a mutable options bundle from an existing config configuration .", "creates a mutable options bundle from an existing configuration ."]
["map field name to the new name .", "map field name .", "field name to the new name .", "map field name to the name .", "map field name to the ."]
["create a new core event for each invocation .", "create a new event for each invocation .", "create a new base event for each invocation .", "create a new core base event for each invocation .", "create a new core <UPDATE_END> base event for each invocation ."]
["obtain a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .", "returns a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .", "obtain a remote repository for a data managed by the remote service .", "obtain a remote repository for a data set managed .", "obtain a remote repository set managed by the remote ."]
["returns true if the mark is new , the member will be retained .", "returns if the mark is new , the member will be retained , and its own dependencies should be traversed .", "returns true if the mark is new , the member will be proto , and its own dependencies should be traversed .", "returns true if the mark is new , the member will be retained", "returns true if the returns is new , the member will be retained , and its own dependencies should be traversed ."]
["sets port for nat .", "sets port for nat min .", "sets port for min nat .", "sets port for min .", "sets port ."]
["returns a partition group indicating whether the given id has a protocol configuration .", "returns a partition indicating whether the given id has a protocol configuration .", "returns a type indicating whether the given id has a protocol configuration .", "returns a has a protocol configuration .", "returns a partition group has a protocol configuration ."]
["get the active candidate selector .", "get the active exclude selector .", "get the exclude candidate selector .", "get the candidate selector .", "get the active selector ."]
["convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if necessary .", "returns the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if attribute and add it to the profile ."]
["sets the protocol and server transport .", "sets the raft and server transport .", "sets the protocol protocol and server transport .", "sets the server transport .", "sets the client transport ."]
["gh1231 expressions ( gh - 1231 ) .", "root gh1231 ( gh - 1231 ) .", "single gh1231 ( gh - 1231 ) .", "root expressions ( gh - 1231 ) .", "single gh1231 expressions ( gh - 1231 ) ."]
["the meta - property for the upfront fee property .", "the meta - property for the fee property .", "the meta - property for the upfront property .", "the meta - property for the front fee property .", "the meta - property for the upfront fee property"]
["this method can be used to simply adapt an promise to a promise , but can also be used to bind an promise to the current execution .", "this method can be used to simply adapt an observable to a promise , but can also be used to bind an observable to the current execution .", "this method can be used to simply adapt to a promise , but can also be used to bind observable to the current execution .", "this method can be used to simply adapt a to a promise , but can also be used to bind a to the current execution .", "this method can be used to simply adapt a promise to a promise , but can also be used to bind a promise to the current execution ."]
["finds out this cube .", "finds out non joining iterable for this cube .", "finds out dimensions for this cube .", "finds out for this cube .", "finds iterable non joining dimensions for this cube ."]
["configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "for more information , see configuring configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["this path will be the canonical path unless an exception is thrown in which case it will be the absolute path .", "this path will be the canonical path unless an exception is thrown in which case it will be the absolute path .", "this path will be the path path unless an exception is thrown in which case it will be the absolute path .", "this path will be the canonical path unless an path is thrown in which case it will be the absolute path .", "this path will be the canonical path unless an exception is thrown in which path it will be the absolute path ."]
["it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .", "it should be encoded in uri - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii .", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but subdirectories is supported too ."]
["if there is no applicable default , fall back to returning the provided default .", "fall back to returning the provided default .", "if there is no default , fall back to returning the provided default .", "if there is no applicable default .", "back to returning the provided default ."]
["returns an zoned date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an offset zoned - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns an offset date - zoned formed from this date at the specified zoned ."]
["add an nl model to design surface .", "add an model to design surface .", "add a model to design surface .", "add an nl model .", "returns an nl model to design surface ."]
["returns either name primary or name alternative based on the contacts preferences .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the display .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the preference preferences .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the display preferences .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the display ."]
["build the extern package list from given element or the directory path .", "build the extern element list from given url or the directory path .", "build the extern package list from given elemlisturl or the directory path .", "build the extern package element from given url or the directory path .", "build the extern package list from given url or the directory path ."]
["extracts value of given type from expression assuming it is a value literal expression .", "extracts value of given class from expression assuming it is a value literal expression .", "extracts value of given target from expression assuming it is a value literal expression .", "returns value of given type from expression assuming it is a value literal expression .", "extracts value assuming it is a value literal expression ."]
["creates a value copy of graph with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same value and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of value with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable value of graph with the same nodes and edges .", "creates an value copy of graph with the same nodes and edges ."]
["returns the width of the account information widget .", "gets the width of the account information widget .", "init the width of the account information widget .", "gets the account information widget .", "returns the width of the account information widget ."]
["determines whether the current user has permission to update the given entity user , adding or removing the given permissions .", "determines whether the current user has permission to update the given permissions user , adding or removing the given permissions .", "determines whether the current user has permission to update the given target user , adding or removing the given entity .", "determines whether the current user has permission to update the given target user , adding or removing the given permissions .", "determines whether the current user has permission to update the given user , adding or removing the given permissions ."]
["charset registered .", "charset registry .", "registered registry .", "charset .", "fenster registry ."]
["get a set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user and that corresponds to the given filter .", "get a set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user .", "get a set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user .", "get the set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user and that corresponds to the given filter .", "get an set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user and that corresponds to the given filter ."]
["returns a boolean indicating whether the given descriptor is for a primitive async .", "returns a boolean indicating whether the given async is for a primitive event .", "returns a boolean indicating whether the given descriptor is for a async event .", "returns a boolean indicating whether the given descriptor is for a primitive event .", "returns a async indicating whether the given descriptor is for a primitive event ."]
["you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api ."]
["returns the declaring class name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the declaring class .", "returns the declaring class name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the declaring class .", "returns the declaring name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the declaring .", "returns the declaring class name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the defining class .", "returns the defining declaring name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the defining declaring ."]
["the ec key options parameter is required .", "the ec key create options parameter is required .", "the create ec key options parameter is required .", "the key ec key options parameter is required .", "the ec key options options parameter is required ."]
["set allowed encashment ? .", "set allowed encashment ? .", "set allowed cashment ? .", "set en encashment ? .", "set allowed encashment cashment ? ."]
["the result is expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for leftovers ) .", "the result is not expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for leftovers ) .", "the result is expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for count ) , for varargs .", "the result is expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for count ) , for leftovers .", "the result is expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for 1 ) , for leftovers ."]
["find cites along a specific line .", "find cites along a specific line and add them to a map .", "find cites along a specific pattern and add them to a map .", "find cites along a specific line to a map .", "find cites along an line and add them to a map ."]
["merges context \" ct \" into this context , except for local symbols in \" ct \" two symbols clash if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error .", "merges context \" ct \" into this context , except for local symbols in \" ct \" two symbols if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error .", "%UNK% context \" ct \" into this context , except for local symbols in \" ct \" two symbols clash if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error .", "merges context \" ct \" into this context , except for local symbols in \" ct \" two symbols if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error .", "merges context \" ct \" into this context is , except for local symbols in \" ct \" two symbols clash if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error ."]
["titan ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction and not the graph .", "janus ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction and not the graph .", "titan ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction .", "graph graph ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction and not the graph .", "graph ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction and not the graph ."]
["marks an existing lucene index with a new history uuid and sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number .", "marks an existing lucene index with a new history and sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number .", "marks an existing lucene index with a new sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number .", "marks an existing lucene index with a new history sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number .", "marks an existing lucene index and sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number ."]
["checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to qualified that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a qualified class to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks an name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type qualified ."]
["checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics options object can be converted to a starlark semantics object with the same field values .", "checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics options object can be converted to semantics object with the same field values .", "checks that a randomly generated starlark semantics options object can be converted to a starlark semantics object with the same field values .", "checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics options object can be converted to a starlark semantics object with the same field values .", "checks that a randomly generated starlark semantics options object can be converted to a skylark semantics object with the same field values ."]
["if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows fallback language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language fallback ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get context fallback language ( context ) .", "if the given shows fallback code is null , uses display settings # get shows shows fallback ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of query the flux will error .", "of failure will error ."]
["dispatches to the jsp location created from result value .", "dispatches to the jsp location created from result value and jsp extension .", "dispatches to the jsp location created from object value and jsp extension .", "dispatches to the jsp location created from result value", "dispatches to the jsp location created from value and jsp extension ."]
["tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request cluster ,", "if you specify both tag keys values in the same request ,", "and tag values in the same request ,"]
["note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .", "note that new constant types may be added in value versions of the java virtual machine .", "note that new types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .", "new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .", "note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the virtual machine ."]
["inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph position , column position ) .", "inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , position index ) .", "inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , column position ) .", "inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , column index ) .", "inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph , column ) ."]
["loads all entries .", "loads all entries on the given site .", "loads entries on the given path .", "loads all entries on the given path .", "loads all entries on the given load ."]
["if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media item ( ) will return the library root .", "if it ' s successfully completed , result # get media item ( ) will return the library root .", "if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media item ( ) will return the library root .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser library # get media item ( ) will return the library root .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media item ( ) will return the library root ."]
["or throws a no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a opensocial no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such gadget exception if it could not be found", "liferay . opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such gadget exception if it could not be found ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified buy name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["returns the dmn decision table that is requested .", "returns the decision table that is requested .", "returns the table that is requested .", "returns a decision table that is requested .", "returns decision table that is requested ."]
["get menge in catch weight einheit .", "get menge weight einheit .", "get menge .", "get menge einheit .", "get qty in catch weight einheit ."]
["sets the entity attribute of this endpoint to entity", "sets the entity attribute of this endpoint element to entity", "sets the entity element attribute of this endpoint to entity", "sets the entity attribute of this endpoint to entity element", "sets the entity attribute of this attr to entity"]
["register one or more component classes to be processed .", "register component or more annotated classes to be processed .", "register one or more annotated component to be processed .", "component one or more annotated classes to be processed .", "register one or more component to be processed ."]
["cleanup the analyzer ' s temp files .", "cleanup the analyzer ' s temp files , etc .", "cleanup the analyzer ' s files , etc .", "cleanup the analyzer , etc .", "cleanup the analyzer temp files , etc ."]
["replaces pattern in query in form of \" $ param \" with values from message header", "replaces pattern in query in form of \" $ param \" with values", "pattern in query in form of \" $ param \" with values from message header", "replaces pattern in query in form of \" $ param \" with values from message header .", "replaces pattern in query in form of \" $ param \" with values from %UNK% header"]
["this method returns the textual part of the file name after the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of the file after the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of the name name after the last dot .", "this method returns the file name part of the filename after the last dot .", "this method returns the textual part of file name after the last dot ."]
["this method returns an interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "this method returns an interface that is both \" up \" and supports network .", "this method returns a interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "an interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast .", "this method returns interface that is both \" up \" and supports multicast ."]
["decorates services .", "services with the specified route .", "decorates with the specified route .", "decorates http with the specified route .", "http services with the specified route ."]
["pipeline . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "output . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "output io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "pipeline io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "pipeline execution . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["merges this frame with the given frame .", "merges this frame with the given num .", "merges this frame with the given changed .", "merges this num with the given frame .", "changed this frame with the given frame ."]
["add classpath entries , separated by the system path separator character .", "add classpath loader , separated by the system path separator character .", "add entries elements , separated by the system path separator character .", "add classpath entries , separated by the system path separator character .", "add classpath elements , separated by the system path separator character ."]
["creates an exception from an api id and version .", "creates an exception from an api id and api .", "creates an exception from a api id and version .", "creates an exception from an api and version .", "creates an exception from an api id ."]
["the provided will not be closed by this method .", "the provided will not be closed by the method .", "a provided will not be closed by this method .", "this provided will not be closed by this method .", "the provided will not will not closed by this method ."]
["returns the property with the given name and type .", "returns the field with the given name and type .", "returns the method with the given name and type .", "returns the type .", "returns the and type ."]
["returns the hash string for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte [ ] for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte ] for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module ."]
["creates a mutable copy of network with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of network with the same nodes and edges .", "creates a mutable copy of graph with the same network and edges ."]
["note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a connectable that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a hot connectable that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a hot that starts emitting data only when the first connecting connectable connects ."]
["executes tasks after an operation .", "executes tasks after an operation .", "executes tasks after a run .", "executes tasks after a operation .", "executes tasks after a ."]
["defines message number filter .", "defines number filter .", "defines message filter .", "defines message number .", "message number filter ."]
["creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master resource containing that master .", "creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs resource containing that master .", "creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs registry containing that master .", "creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs containing that master .", "creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master containing that master ."]
["for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time until ( end time , hours )", "for example , the in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . until ( end time , hours ) .", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start until ( end time , hours )", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .", "for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . ( end time , hours ) ."]
["test the array method for a io buffer containing one byte buffer", "test the array method for a io buffer containing one byte buffer .", "test the array method for a io buffer containing one", "test the array method for a io buffer containing one", "test the array method for a io buffer containing one"]
["once the prepare is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused .", "prepare the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ prepare .", "once the is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused ."]
["add an cache entries", "add an cache entry", "add a entries entry", "add an entries entry", "add a entry"]
["if timeout millis and nanos are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes .", "if millis and nanos are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes .", "if nanos are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes .", "if timeout are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes .", "if timeout nanos are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes ."]
["parses the set - cookie value into an array of cookies .", "returns the set - cookie value into an array of cookies .", "parses the set - cookie value into a of cookies .", "saves the set - cookie value into an array of cookies .", "parses the set - cookie value into an array of returns ."]
["see the http client documentation for more details .", "see the apache http client documentation .", "see the apache http client for more details .", "see the apache client documentation for more details .", "see the set http client documentation for more details ."]
["prepare name id attribute id p attribute .", "name id attribute id p attribute .", "prepare id attribute id p attribute .", "prepare name attribute p attribute .", "prepare name attribute p attribute"]
["if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "in the module then the resource is not .", "if the resource is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the resource stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated ."]
["the type of value .", "specifies the type of value .", "specifies the type .", "returns the type of value .", "set the type of value ."]
["a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but wired headset is plugged in and connectable", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but wired connectable is plugged in and activated", "a2 connectable bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but wired headset is plugged in and activated", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but connectable headset is plugged in and activated", "a2 preference bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but wired headset is plugged in and activated"]
["return true if the given @ ann binder method should be invoked to initialize the given web data binder .", "return true if the given init method should be invoked to initialize the given web data", "return true if the given init binder method should be invoked to initialize the given web", "return true if the given method should be invoked to initialize the given web data binder", "return true if the given @ binder method should be invoked to initialize the given web data binder ."]
["effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the annotation marker interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object .", "effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the marker interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object adds the constant annotation marker interface ."]
["creates a new schema info level with settings for detailed schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder for detailed .", "creates a new schema info level builder settings for .", "creates a new schema level builder with settings for detailed schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder with settings for detailed schema ."]
["output : object", "output : file object", "output : object status", "output : file", "output : file object"]
["test a basic feature after upgrade ( sql ) which doesn ' t require any trial license .", "test a basic feature which doesn ' t require any trial license .", "test a basic after ( sql ) which doesn ' t require any trial license .", "test a basic after upgrade ( sql ) which doesn ' t require any trial license .", "test a basic ( sql ) which doesn ' t require any trial license ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified sabr name ."]
["test select replicated materialized view", "test parameters materialized select replicated", "test select replicated view", "test parameters select replicated view", "test parameters select replicated"]
["event whenever complete fails .", "event flush fails .", "event whenever flush complete .", "event whenever flush .", "event whenever fails ."]
["convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key given in proto .", "convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key in proto .", "convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key given .", "convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key given", "convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key given in proto key ."]
["tests the functionality of copy to and read from .", "tests the functionality of stream to and read from .", "tests the functionality of write to and copy from .", "tests the functionality of copy to and stream from .", "tests the functionality of write to and read from ."]
["this unsubscribes all previous subscription with the parent id , regardless of the extra that was previously sent to the library service .", "this unsubscribes all previous subscription with the parent id that was previously sent to the library .", "this unsubscribes all subscription with the parent id , regardless of the extra that was previously sent to the library service .", "this unsubscribes all previous future with the parent id , regardless of the extra that was previously sent to the library service .", "parent id , regardless of the extra that was previously sent to the library service ."]
["the comparison is based on the time - line position of the local date - times .", "the comparison is based on the time position of the local date - times .", "time - line position of the local date - times .", "the time - line position of the local date - times .", "this is based on the time - line position of the local date - times ."]
["the supplier itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the factory itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the binding itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .", "the class itself is bound in a per - lookup scope ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset obtain time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of date time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset date time .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset obtain accessor time ."]
["extracts the expressions from a selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a column query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a selection query , column ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from the selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies ."]
["creates a command info to reopen data at the given path .", "creates a info to reopen data at the given path .", "creates an command info to reopen data at the given path .", "creates a module info to reopen data at the given path .", "creates a command info to reopen data at the given path ."]
["returns the enclosed type node .", "returns the enclosed type node , .", "returns the enclosed type node , or an empty if this is void .", "returns the enclosed type node , or an empty this is void .", "returns the enclosed type node is ."]
["map treatment to output _ ecmp action .", "map treatment to output _ ecmp treatment .", "map treatment to treatment _ ecmp action .", "map treatment to ecmp action .", "map treatment to output _ ecmp treatment hashed routing ."]
["this method assumes that the dag is valid as per oio constraints", "this method assumes that the dag is valid as per oio", "this method assumes that the dag is valid as per oio constraints .", "this method assumes that the dag is valid as oio constraints", "this method assumes that the dag is valid as per oio %UNK%"]
["catches any exception thrown by provided throwing supplier and rethrows it as", "catches any exception thrown by provided supplier and rethrows it as", "catches any exception thrown by throwing supplier and rethrows it as", "catches any exception thrown by provided throwing <INSERT_END> and rethrows it as", "catches any exception thrown by provided throwing and rethrows it as"]
["strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text .", "strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .", "strings greater than 500 chars converted to text and back .", "strings greater than factory chars get converted to text and back .", "strings greater than 500 chars get factory to text and back ."]
["populates the given collection with values from the given collection .", "populates the given list with values from the given collection .", "populates the given with values from the given collection .", "populates the given values from the given collection .", "populates the given collection from the given collection ."]
["get sql scripts configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated element .", "get sql configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated element .", "get sql sql configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated element .", "get sql annotations configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated element .", "get sql configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated sql ."]
["returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the returns type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the current type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module as a jmod .", "returns a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates reference to module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module packaged ."]
["creates a randomized list of urls .", "returns a randomized list of urls for the given shard .", "creates a randomized list urls for .", "creates a list of urls for the given shard .", "starts a randomized list of urls for the given shard ."]
["this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ open api object .", "this method will convert open @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .", "this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ swagger open api .", "this method will convert open api @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .", "this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ open object ."]
["appends drag data to row data json if generator function is set by the user of this extension .", "appends drag data to json data json if generator function is set by the user of this extension .", "appends drag data to row data json if generator function is set by the user of this extension .", "appends drag data to row data json if object function is set by the user of this extension .", "appends drag data to row data json if json function is set by the user of this extension ."]
["returns new week in the utc timezone .", "creates new week in the field timezone .", "creates new @ literal week in the utc timezone .", "creates new week in a utc timezone .", "creates new week in the utc week in the utc timezone ."]
["this operates using map # curve all ( map ) semantics using the index as the key .", "this operates using curve # put all ( curve ) semantics using the index as the key .", "this operates using map # put all semantics using the index as the key .", "this operates using map # put all ( map ) semantics using the curve as the key .", "this operates using map # put all ( map ) curve using the index as the key ."]
["property sxjavaversionnumber", "property jversionint", "property javaversionnumber", "property sxjavaversion", "property"]
["delete from disk the samples if any of a defunct sheet", "delete from disk the samples", "delete from disk the samples and image if any of a defunct sheet", "delete from the samples image if any of a defunct sheet", "delete from folder the samples and image if any of a defunct sheet"]
["you should consider using request cancel workflow execution action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not .", "you should consider using request cancel workflow execution action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not", "you should consider using request cancel workflow execution action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not .", "action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not .", "execution action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not ."]
["sets the connecting session .", "sets the session .", "sets the client session .", "sets the client session .", "sets the connecting session id ."]
["otherwise throws an illegal argument scheme .", "otherwise throws an scheme argument exception .", "otherwise throws an illegal scheme exception .", "otherwise throws an unsupported connection exception .", "scheme throws an illegal argument exception ."]
["generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , source )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , uri )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , )"]
["sets the drm callback to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling callback for media .", "sets the drm provider to use when handling drm for callback .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback to use when handling drm for media ."]
["code snippets for blob client base # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders with response ( http headers httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # set http headers with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client http headers # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets ( http headers client base # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["create a injection manager .", "create an injection manager .", "create a manager .", "create an injection injection manager .", "injection a instance manager ."]
["removes access but does not delete the account .", "removes instructor access but does not delete the account .", "removes instructor access does not delete the account .", "removes instructor but does not delete the account .", "downgrade instructor access but does not delete the account ."]
["the rsa key create options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create vault rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and"]
["returns true if this class loader is plain # register capable parallel capable , otherwise false .", "returns true if this class loader is plain # register as registered as parallel capable parallel capable , otherwise false .", "returns true if this class loader is plain # register as parallel capable parallel capable , otherwise false .", "returns true if this class loader is plain # register as capable , otherwise false .", "returns true if this class loader is plain # register parallel capable , otherwise false ."]
["time ( in ns ) of last received append position .", "time ( in ms ) of last received append ns .", "time of last received append position .", "ns ( in ms ) of last received append position .", "time ( ns ms ) of last received append position ."]
["if there are no trade offer list profession registered for the desired level and career , the list remains unmodified .", "if there are no trade offer list mutators registered for the desired level and profession , the list remains unmodified .", "if there are no trade offer list mutators registered for the desired profession and career , the list remains unmodified .", "if there are no trade offer list mutators registered for the desired level and career , the list remains profession .", "if there are no trade offer profession mutators registered for the desired level and career , the profession remains unmodified ."]
["sets the master secret to use for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .", "sets the secret secret to use for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .", "sets the master secret to use for encrypting secret layer data exchanged in this session .", "sets the master secret to use for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this secret .", "returns the master secret to use for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session ."]
["note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session , integer )", "note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session integer )", "note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session reader )", "note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session , block )", "note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session )"]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for build blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # lease blob async client ( ) ."]
["set cache control property : sets file ' s cache control .", "set control property : sets file ' s cache control .", "set control property : sets ' s cache control .", "set the cache control property : sets the ' s cache control .", "cache control property : sets file ' s cache control ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["configure http message readers to de - serialize the request body with .", "configure message readers to de - serialize the request body with .", "configure http writers readers to de - serialize the request body with .", "configure http message writers to de - serialize the request body with .", "configure http writers to de - serialize the request body with ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a list of this with a new node version added .", "returns a copy of this with a new node added .", "returns a copy of this with a new node version .", "returns a copy of this with a new node node added .", "returns a copy of this with a new node list added ."]
["parses a list of options for this object .", "parses a list of options .", "parses options for this object .", "set a list of options for this object .", "returns a list of options for this object ."]
["for example , this demonstrates loading from the models jar file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser to work .", "for example , this demonstrates loading from the models model file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work ."]
["if present then it is not an error if the task does not exist", "if present then it is not an error if the schedule does not task", "if present then it is not an task if the schedule does not exist", "if present then it is not an error if the does not exist", "if present then it is not a task if the schedule does not exist"]
["create and return a sql row based on the result set and the db true value .", "create and return a sql row based on the result set and the db true value , binary .", "create and returns a sql row based on the result set and the db true value .", "create and return a sql row based on the result set and the db true value , binary optimized .", "create and return a sql row based on the result set and the db true value , boolean ."]
["maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark - spark", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -"]
["creates a count with the specified value .", "creates a sequence with the specified count .", "creates a sequence .", "creates a with the specified value .", "returns a sequence with the specified value ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a unrecognized containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory1 containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" ."]
["return a long value which is the number of rows in the table .", "return a value which is the number of rows in the table .", "return a long which is the number of rows in the table .", "returns a long value which is the number of rows in the table .", "return a long value which is the number of rows in the table ."]
["updates the current values with the results of applying the given deltas .", "atomically updates the current values with the results of applying the given deltas .", "atomically returns the current values with the results of applying the given deltas .", "add updates the current values with the results of applying the given deltas .", "atomically updates the current values ."]
["search for possible variables which are possible accessible inside rendered twig template", "for possible variables which are possible accessible inside rendered twig template", "search for possible variables which are possible accessible inside rendered template", "search for possible variables which are possible accessible inside twig template", "search for possible variables which are possible accessible inside rendered twig"]
["the file contents should be encoded as a base64 string and the 10 kb limit refers to the number of bytes in the decoded data not the number of characters in the encoded data .", "note that the file contents should be encoded as a base64 string refers to the number of bytes in the decoded data not the number of characters in the encoded data .", "note that the file contents should be encoded as a base64 string to the number of bytes in the decoded data not the number of characters in the encoded data .", "note that the file contents should be encoded as a base64 string and the 10 kb limit refers to bytes in the decoded data not characters in the encoded data .", "note that contents should be encoded as a base64 string and the 10 kb limit refers to the number bytes in the decoded data not the number of characters in the encoded data ."]
["generate a new voice id , starting in provided family .", "generate a new voice id .", "generate a new voice id , starting in provided staff .", "generate a new voice id , starting in family staff .", "generate a new voice id , starting in provided family ."]
["if any field binding validator fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown .", "if any write binding validator fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown .", "if any field write validator fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown .", "if any bean binding validator fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown .", "if any field binding write fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown ."]
["note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a valid janus graph vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists .", "note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a valid janus vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists .", "note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a valid janus graph vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists .", "note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a janus graph titan vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists .", "note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a valid graph graph vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists ."]
["tika config uri : the uri of tika - config . xml", "config uri : the uri of - config . xml", "tika config uri . xml", "tika config uri - config . xml", "tika config uri : the uri of tika . xml"]
["adding fields to a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .", "fields to a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .", "adding fields to a pojo as state should require a state migration .", "adding fields to a pojo .", "test fields to a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration ."]
["saves the field values into the given bean if all field level validators pass .", "saves the field values into the given bean if all write level validators pass .", "saves the write values into the given bean if all field level validators pass .", "saves the write values into the given bean if all write level validators pass .", "saves the field values into the given bean if the write level validators pass ."]
["set the metadata flag for this method to indicate that it is a script implementation .", "sets the metadata flag for this method to indicate that it is a script body implementation .", "set the script flag for this method to indicate that it is a script body implementation .", "set the metadata flag for this method to indicate that it is a script script implementation .", "set the body flag for this method to indicate that it is a script body implementation ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to linked entities of a text input ."]
["returns the annotation value .", "returns the annotation value of the java method .", "returns the annotation .", "returns the output type of the annotation value .", "returns the type of the java annotation value ."]
["adds an individual container ( belonging to any software system ) to this view .", "adds an individual ( belonging to any software system ) to this view .", "adds an individual container to this view .", "adds an container ( belonging to any software system ) to this view .", "adds a container ( belonging to any software system ) to this view ."]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["converts a janus graph vertex id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) .", "converts a janus vertex id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) .", "converts a titan vertex id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) .", "converts a graph graph vertex id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) .", "converts a janus graph id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) ."]
["returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .", "returns the tree for an attribute given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .", "returns the attribute for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding attribute .", "returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search and its corresponding tree .", "returns the tree for an annotation given a attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree ."]
["and repository id = ?", "and r id = ?", "and parent id = ?", "and parent folder = ?", "and repository folder id = ?"]
["respond a limited number of times with the in reply to each intercepted outbound message .", "respond a limited number of times with the provided message in reply to each intercepted outbound message .", "respond a limited number of times with the provided message in reply to each intercepted .", "respond a limited number of times with the provided message in reply to each intercepted message .", "respond a limited number of times with the in reply to each intercepted message ."]
["creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "creates a new name if the given does not yet have one .", "creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "returns a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "creates a label name if the given label does not yet have one ."]
["get all the indexed documents .", "get all the documents ( no paginated results ) .", "get the the indexed documents ( no paginated results ) .", "get all the index documents ( no paginated results ) .", "get all the documents documents ( no paginated results ) ."]
["if either collection have changes newer than last stored .", "if either amount or watchlist have changes newer than last stored .", "if either collection or watchlist have changes newer than the last stored .", "if either collection than last stored .", "if either collection newer than last stored ."]
["computes the next larger double in the power series point = 2 ( i / ppo ) given the current point in the series .", "computes the next larger double in the power series point = pwr ( i / ppo ) given the current point in the series .", "computes the next larger double in the power series point = log ( i / ppo ) given the current point in the series .", "computes the next larger double in the power series point = 2 ( pwr / ppo ) given the current point in the series .", "returns the next larger double in the power series point = 2 ( i / ppo ) given the current point in the series ."]
["or throws a no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a privatemessaging no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such user thread exception if it could not be found", "or throws a privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such user thread exception if it could not be found ."]
["get convert builtin function snippet block .", "get builtin function snippet block .", "get creates builtin function snippet block .", "get convert builtin convert snippet block .", "get convert builtin snippet block ."]
["opens the given output stream .", "opens the given output stream writer .", "opens the given snapshot output stream .", "opens the given output writer .", "opens the given output stream output ."]
["create an immutable view of this vector4f .", "create a view of this vector4f .", "create an immutable view .", "create an immutable view of the vector4f .", "returns an immutable view of this vector4f ."]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["the head most component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this internal node .", "the most component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this internal node .", "the head component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this internal node .", "the most component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this internal head .", "the outer most component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this node ."]
["same as # build list ( ) , only returns an array instead .", "same as # build ( ) , only returns an array instead .", "same as # list ( ) , only returns an build array instead .", "same as # list ( ) , only returns an array instead .", "same as as build list ( ) , only returns an array instead ."]
["returns the value of the direction field .", "returns the value of the ygdirection field .", "returns the value of the bitfield direction .", "returns the value of the ndirection field .", "returns the value of the direction ."]
["returns the intersection ( set theory ) of two given sets , retaining order .", "returns the ( set theory ) of two given sets , retaining order .", "returns the intersection ( set theory ) of two given sets .", "returns the sorted ( set theory ) of two given sets , retaining order .", "returns the intersection ( set theory ) of two given sets order ."]
["returns the hashes attribute", "read the hashes attribute", "reads the hashes module", "updates the hashes attribute", "set the hashes attribute"]
["this method attaches a linked file from a url ( if not already linked ) to an entry using the key and value pair from the find full texts map", "this method attaches a linked file from a url to an entry using the key and value pair from the find full texts map", "this method attaches a linked file from a url ( if not already linked ) to an entry using the key from the find full texts map", "this method attaches a linked file from a url ( if not already linked ) to an entry using the key pair from the find full texts map", "this method attaches a linked file from a url to an entry using the key and value pair from the find full texts map"]
["if label = \" abc , def \" , settings with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc , def \" , settings with label \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with label filter \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if labels = \" abc , def \" , label with labels \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned ."]
["sets the value of the ' row key ' field", "sets the value of the ' key ' field", "sets the value of the ' row ' field", "sets the value of the key ' field", "sets the value of the ' row key"]
["note that checking for collisions with a rotated image sprite currently checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position .", "checking for collisions with a rotated image sprite currently checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position .", "note that checking for collisions with a rotated image sprite checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position .", "for collisions with a rotated image sprite currently checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position .", "note that checking for collisions with the rotated image sprite currently checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position ."]
["defaults to .", "defaults .", "defaults sets .", "defaults to the .", "defaults to ."]
["tests the master worker info # generate worker info ( ) method .", "tests the master worker info # generate info ( ) method .", "tests the master worker info # generate info ( ) method .", "tests the master worker info # generate client worker info ( ) method .", "tests the info # generate worker info ( ) method ."]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when all files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when all files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when all files are consistent .", "tests the file system master consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when all files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency ) method when all files are consistent ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["perform a 302 redirect to ` url ` .", "perform a 302 redirect to ` .", "perform a 302 redirect to url .", "perform a 302 redirect to ` redirect ` .", "perform a redirect redirect to ` url ` ."]
["get the active candidate selector .", "get the active exclude selector .", "get the exclude candidate selector .", "get the candidate selector .", "get the active selector ."]
["get information about a specific batch - processing request .", "get information about a batch - processing request .", "get information about the specific batch - processing request .", "gets information about a specific batch - processing request .", "get batch about a specific batch - processing request ."]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , test 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully", "test the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from"]
["do not change the order of the expressions because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do change the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not column the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not change the order of the expressions column because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not change the order of the column returned because broker relies on that to process the query ."]
["for the underlying rest api , go to", "for the underlying api , go to", "for the underlying rest api , go to list .", "for the underlying rest , go to", "for the underlying rest api , go to list jobs ."]
["by defualt map db uses nio . channels . file channel .", "by defualt db uses java nio . channels . file channel .", "by defualt file db uses java . nio . channels . file channel .", "by defualt map db uses java . nio . channels . channel", "by defualt map db uses java . nio . channels ."]
["be implemented in order to display the fullscreen button .", "this needs to be implemented in order to display the button .", "needs to be implemented in order to display the fullscreen button .", "this needs to be implemented in order to display the fullscreen .", "to be implemented in order to display the fullscreen button ."]
["verify the validity of an ' ec _ sign _ p256 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message", "verify the validity of an ' ec _ sign _ p256 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext byte", "verify the validity of an ' ec _ sign _ p256 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified byte message", "verify the validity of an ' ec _ byte _ p256 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message", "verify the validity of an ' ec _ sign _ p256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message"]
["redshift returns all hsm client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all hsm client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "all hsm client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all hsm client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys values ."]
["set the default factory .", "sets the default factory .", "set the factory .", "set default factory .", "set the default factory ."]
["returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the class obj class reachable from skylark .", "returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the class obj class reachable from skylark .", "returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the class class reachable from skylark .", "returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the obj reachable from skylark .", "returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the class from skylark ."]
["tests using mapify on entities", "tests mapify on", "tests using mapify on trivial", "tests using trivial on entities", "tests mapify on ."]
["adds a web socket to the members list .", "adds a socket to the members list .", "adds a web socket to the clients list .", "adds a web socket to the id list .", "adds a web socket to the members clients ."]
["or throws a no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such comment exception if it could not be found", "or throws no such comment exception if it could not be found .", "liferay . knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found ."]
["appends the name of the given label to # label buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label label .", "appends the name of the given label to buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label # label ."]
["register laser ore | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "ore | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "register laser ore | nbttag with a stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "laser ore | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "| nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set ."]
["caches numeric host names and dns host names , and negative caches also .", "caches numeric host names and dns host names .", "caches numeric host names and ip host names , and negative caches also .", "caches numeric host names , and negative caches also .", "caches numeric host names and get host names , and negative caches also ."]
["set the execution id after which the job should be aborted .", "set the id after which the job should be aborted .", "set the execution after which the job should be aborted .", "execution id the timeout after which the job should be aborted .", "execution the timeout after which the job should be aborted ."]
["resource id .", "resource id for drawable .", "id for drawable .", "resource id for res .", "resource id for ."]
["converts the entries from this query result into actual janus graph relation .", "converts the entries from this query result into actual janus relation .", "converts the entries from this query result into actual graph graph relation .", "converts the entries from this query result into actual relation .", "converts the entries from this query result into actual janus graph ."]
["returns the content area component .", "returns the area component .", "returns the app component .", "returns the app area content .", "returns the app content component ."]
["you cannot delete a parameter group if it is associated with a cluster .", "note : you cannot delete a parameter group if it is associated with a cluster .", "you cannot delete a group if it is associated with a cluster .", "you cannot delete parameter group if it is associated with cluster .", "note : you cannot delete a parameter group if it is associated with a . describe ."]
["test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main", "test that a jar file with a main that is not a valid"]
["rsa key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa options key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "rsa key create options # get not before ( create ) not before values are optional .", "rsa options key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional ."]
["sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the border style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the left style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the range style of the individual cells on the left"]
["returns the file file containing the new expression .", "returns the file containing the new expression .", "returns the name file containing the new expression .", "returns the source file containing the new expression .", "returns the string file containing the new expression ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy from string # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy # string # url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy from url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy url"]
["returns instance for the named charset .", "returns a charset instance for the named charset .", "returns the charset instance for the named charset .", "returns charset instance for the named charset .", "returns a charset for the named charset ."]
["if key filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned ."]
["creates a new explicit message processor chain from one or more processor ' s .", "creates a new explicit processing processor chain from one or more processor ' s .", "returns a new explicit message processor chain from one or more processor ' s .", "creates a new explicit message processor chain from processing or more processor ' s .", "creates a given explicit message processor chain from one or more processor ' s ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( object ) ."]
["creates a new schema info level with settings for standard schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder for standard .", "creates a new schema level builder with settings for standard schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder settings for .", "creates a new info level builder with settings for standard information ."]
["returns the clazz corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the string corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the builder corresponding to the given java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to the given type ."]
["connects this channel to a group and gets a state from a specified state provider .", "connects this channel to a group .", "connects this channel to a group and returns a state from a specified state provider .", "connects this channel to a group from a specified state .", "connects this channel to a group from a specified state ."]
["in case the instance manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the instance is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the instance manager locator is not specified , the locator will not be parented .", "in case the service is not specified , the instance manager will not be parented .", "in case the parent instance manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented ."]
["currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta item .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed item data2 ."]
["gets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field", "gets the value of the ' filter ' field", "gets the value of the ' bloom filter", "gets the value of the ' bloom ' field", "gets the value of the ' bloom filter '"]
["static factory that immediately returns # get ( ) method picker .", "static factory that immediately returns # at ( ) method picker .", "get factory that immediately returns # to ( ) method picker .", "static get that immediately returns # to ( ) method picker .", "static factory that immediately returns # to ( ) method picker ."]
["implements y . divide .", "implements x . divide .", "implements operator . y .", "implements operator . x .", "y operator . divide ."]
["verifies traced span event for when org . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the .", "verifies traced span event for when org . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the plugin .", "verifies traced span event for when plugin . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the message .", "verifies traced span event for when org . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the plugin test message .", "verifies span event for when org . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the message ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations ."]
["the context for the dialog node .", "the context ( if defined ) for the dialog node .", "the string ( if defined ) for the dialog node .", "for the dialog node .", "the context ( if defined ) for the dialog node ."]
["register sub - objects such as caches", "register sub - objects such as caches .", "register sub - objects such as %UNK%", "register sub - objects such as bean", "register sub - objects such as cache"]
["returns parameters types .", "returns parameters .", "returns count .", "returns parameter component types .", "returns count types ."]
["[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible ."]
["create a network bridge", "creates a network bridge", "create the network bridge", "create a bridge", "create an network bridge"]
["checks that collection @ param col contains elem @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains t @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains str .", "checks that collection @ param col contains string @ param elem .", "checks that collection param col contains string str ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and string .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .", "create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type map .", "create a new annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .", "create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes of .", "create a new merged annotation of from the specified annotation type and attributes map ."]
["find the runtime module corresponding to the given resolved module in the given parent layer .", "find the runtime module corresponding to the given resolved module in the given parent layer ( or its parents ) .", "find the runtime module corresponding to the given resolved module in the given parent layer ( .", "find the runtime module corresponding to the given module in the given parent layer ( or its parents ) .", "find the module module corresponding to the given resolved module in the given parent layer ( or its parents ) ."]
["reads type system property .", "reads boolean type property .", "reads boolean type system .", "reads string type system property .", "reads type type system property ."]
["this implementation returns the underlying file ' s length .", "this implementation returns the file ' s length .", "this implementation returns the underlying file .", "this implementation returns the underlying file ' s length .", "this implementation returns the underlying file length ."]
["sets the raft raft protocol .", "sets the raft raft .", "sets the raft protocol serializer .", "sets the raft protocol protocol .", "sets the raft protocol ."]
["for kotlin classes , it returns the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor ( as defined in", "for kotlin classes , it returns the constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor ( as defined in", "for kotlin classes , it returns the constructor constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor ( as defined in", "for kotlin classes , it returns the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor", "for kotlin classes , it returns the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor ( as defined in the"]
["returns if this result is an overflow condition .", "true if this result is an overflow condition .", "returns overflow if this result is an overflow condition .", "returns true if this overflow is an overflow condition .", "returns true if this result is a overflow condition ."]
["decrypts the byte array using the configured # get cipher service ( ) cipher .", "decrypts the byte array using the configured # get service cipher ( ) cipher .", "decrypts the byte service array using the configured # get cipher ( ) cipher .", "decrypts the byte array using the configured # get cipher ( ) service cipher .", "decrypts the byte array using the configured # ( ) cipher ."]
["if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal id is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create id key is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create id is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal id is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal is preferred !"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .", "] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "represents some form of date and time information .", "accessor represents some form of and time information ."]
["filter a list of search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of response search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of search response record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of search search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on"]
["returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the repository , both active and incompatible snapshots .", "returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the repository , both active snapshots .", "returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the repository , both active and copy snapshots .", "returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the repository both active and snapshots .", "returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the copy , both active and incompatible snapshots ."]
["throw a aeron exception with a message for a send error .", "throw a exception with a message for a send error .", "aeron a runtime exception with a message for a send error .", "throw a runtime exception with a message for a send error .", "throw an aeron exception with a message for a send error ."]
["defines aware size for image .", "defines size for image .", "defines target size .", "defines image size for image .", "defines target size for image ."]
["returns a literal for the scr service . component state .", "returns a literal for the component scr .", "returns a literal for the scr state .", "returns a literal for the component scr service . state .", "returns a literal for the component ."]
["waits for an existing process to finish , a custom timeout and a process terminator .", "waits for an existing process to finish , a custom timeout .", "waits for a process to finish , a custom timeout and a process terminator .", "waits for an existing process to finish , a termination timeout and a process terminator .", "waits for an existing process to finish , a custom termination and a process terminator ."]
["the option will be converted to a type .", "this option will be converted to a type .", "this will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted to the type .", "the reconnect will be converted to a type ."]
["we check if there is a registered comparator for all the superclasses of clazz 3 .", "there is a registered comparator for all the superclasses of clazz 3 .", "we check if there is a comparator for all the superclasses of clazz 3 .", "comparator for all the superclasses of clazz 3 .", "for all the superclasses of clazz 3 ."]
["adds a sample request for # get service ( ) .", "adds a requests request for # get service ( ) .", "adds a sample requests for # get service ( ) .", "adds a request for # get service ( ) .", "adds a example request for # get service ( ) ."]
["this method sets the value of the database column s _ user . birthday", "this method sets the value of the database column s _ user . created", "this method sets the value of the database column s _ user . local", "this method sets the value of the database column s _ user .", "this method sets the value of the database column s _ user . due"]
["determine if this instance only contains only a single attribute named value .", "determine if this instance only contains only a has attribute named value .", "determine if this instance only contains only a attribute named value .", "determine if this instance only contains only an has attribute named value .", "determine if this instance only contains only the single attribute named value ."]
["moves entries inside a .", "moves entries inside a element .", "remove entries inside an array .", "moves entries inside an index .", "moves entries inside an remove ."]
["common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin", "common test method to be able to check security from any authentication", "common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin .", "test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin", "common test method to be able to check security"]
["this declaration is of the form \" label label xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label label = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label l xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the label \" label l xxx = new label ( ) ; \" ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date information .", "accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "accessor represents some form of and time information ."]
["set the elevation of the point .", "set the elevation ( in meters ) of the point .", "set the elevation ( in length ) of the point .", "set the length ( in meters ) of the point .", "set the elevation ( in meters ) of the length ."]
["where a , b , and c are all arrays , and a has type @ literal @ same len ( \" d \" ) .", "where a , b , and c are all arrays , and a has type literal @ same len ( \" d \" ) .", "where a , b , and c are all arrays , and a has type @ literal @ len ( \" d \" ) .", "where a b , and c are all arrays , and a has type @ literal @ same len ( ) .", "where a , b , and c are all arrays , and a has type @ literal len ( \" d \" ) ."]
["creates new day of year .", "creates new day of year in field .", "creates new day of year in @ literal utc .", "creates new day of year in utc in utc .", "creates new day of year in year in utc ."]
["assign the time offset since the beginning of the measure , for all chords in this time slot .", "assign the time offset since the beginning of the measure .", "the time offset since the beginning of the measure , for all chords in this time slot .", "assign the time offset since the beginning of the measure in this time .", "time the time offset since the beginning of the measure , for all chords in this time slot ."]
["sets the current end icon to be visible or gone .", "sets the current end icon to be visible or invisible .", "sets the current end icon to be visible .", "sets the current end icon to be invisible or gone .", "sets the current invisible icon to be visible or gone ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details ."]
["checks that a randomly generated starlark semantics object can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object .", "checks that a randomly generated semantics object can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object .", "checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics object can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object .", "checks that a randomly generated starlark object can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object .", "checks that a randomly generated semantics can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object ."]
["gets the available trade offer list mutators for the desired profession and level .", "gets the available trade offer list profession for the desired career and level .", "gets the available trade offer list mutators for the desired career .", "gets the available trade offer list mutators for the desired and level .", "gets the available trade offer list mutators for the profession career and level ."]
["reset # key _ last _ movies _ watched _ at to 0 so all watched movies will be downloaded the next time a sync runs .", "reset # key _ last watched _ at to 0 so all watched movies will be downloaded the next time a sync runs .", "reset # key _ last _ movies _ watched _ at to remove so all watched movies will be downloaded the next time a sync runs .", "reset # key _ last _ movies _ watched _ to will be downloaded the next time a sync runs .", "reset # key _ last _ movies _ watched _ at will be downloaded the next time a sync runs ."]
["response field contains the vault amazon resource name ( arn ) at which to continue the list with a new list vaults request ; otherwise , the field is .", "if there are more vaults to list , the response field contains the vault amazon name ( arn ) at which to continue the list with a new list vaults request ; otherwise , the field is .", "the response field contains the vault amazon resource name ( arn ) at which to continue the list with a new list vaults request ; otherwise , the field is .", ", the response field contains the vault amazon resource name ( arn ) at which continue the with a new list vaults request ; otherwise field is .", ", the response field contains the vault amazon resource name ( arn ) at which continue the with a new list vaults request ; otherwise the field is ."]
["set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given quaterniondc .", "set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given .", "set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given quaterniond .", "set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given axis .", "set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given quaterniondc ."]
["if recipient set contains # all _ recipients then the message will be sent to all distribution managers .", "if recipient set contains # all _ recipients then the will be sent to all distribution managers .", "# all _ recipients then the message will be sent to all distribution managers .", "if recipient set contains # all _ recipients the message will be sent to all distribution managers .", "if recipient set contains # all recipients then the message will be sent to all distribution managers ."]
["this logic is used for default partitioning and can be used to implement partitionable .", "this logic for default partitioning and can be used to implement partitionable .", "this logic is used for default partitioning .", "this logic is used for partitioning and can be used to implement partitionable .", "this logic is used can be used to implement partitionable ."]
["generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , source )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long ,", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , url )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , source url )", "generates a code sample for using source async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , uri )"]
["const max = 10 ; ( 3 ) constant declaration ; ( 4 ) constant element", "const max = 10 ; ( 3 ) constant declaration ; ( constant element", "max = 10 ; ( 3 constant declaration ; ( 4 ) constant element", "const max = 10 ; ( 3 ) constant declaration ; ( %UNK% ) constant element", "const max = 10 ; ( 3 constant declaration ; ( 4 constant element"]
["the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of library player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the library content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the code content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) ."]
["top element on the stack contains the return value or exception instance .", "top element on the stack contains the return value instance .", "element on the stack contains the return value or exception instance .", "top element on the stack contains the return value .", "element on the stack contains the return value exception instance ."]
["adds continuous object .", "adds continuous task object .", "adds task continuous .", "adds task continuous task .", "adds continuous ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . create subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . create subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . create # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . sub subdirectory # string"]
["an array containing any synonyms for the entity value .", "an array any synonyms for .", "a containing any synonyms for the entity value .", "an array containing the synonyms for the entity value .", "any synonyms for the entity value ."]
["remove any key material : slices potential alter and key shape .", "remove any key material : slices potential alter .", "remove any key material : slices potential alter shape .", "remove material : slices potential alter and key shape .", "remove any key material slices potential alter and ."]
["if such an url was returned during login , it will be returned as an url .", "if such a was returned during login , it will be returned as a .", "if such an url was returned during url , it will be returned as an url .", "during login , it will be returned as an url .", "login , it will be returned as an url ."]
["overrides the default tracked ( which returns the oldest event available ) .", "overrides the default event ( which returns the oldest event available ) .", "overrides the default tracked event ( which returns the oldest event available ) .", "tracked the default comparator ( which returns the oldest event available ) .", "overrides the default output ( which returns the oldest event available ) ."]
["for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the path of the target .", "for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the string of the target .", "for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the path .", "for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the path .", "for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the path ."]
["get the current values from all resources .", "get the current monitored from all resources .", "get the current values .", "get the current values from all monitored .", "get the current values from the resources ."]
["use a map to store level .", "use a map to col level and the node values in it .", "use a map to store col and the node values in it .", "use a map to store level in it .", "use a map to store level and the col values in it ."]
["locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified lock pattern lock .", "locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified pattern mode .", "locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified pattern ."]
["persist the fallback storage to the fallback storage file .", "persist properties to storage file .", "persist properties to fallback storage file .", "persist storage properties to fallback storage file .", "persist the storage properties to storage file ."]
["if default session type template is null , teamevaluation is selected by default .", "session type is null , teamevaluation is selected by default .", "if default session template type is null , teamevaluation is selected by default .", "if default type template is null , teamevaluation is selected by default .", "if default type template type is null , teamevaluation is selected by default ."]
["gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a java source or class , to be found within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location .", "gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a class , to be found within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location .", "gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a java source to be found within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location .", "gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a java source within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location", "gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a java source within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location ."]
["adds a custom publisher configuration to this wan replication .", "adds a wan custom configuration to this wan replication .", "adds a wan publisher configuration to this wan replication .", "adds a custom publisher configuration to this custom replication .", "adds the wan publisher configuration to this wan replication ."]
["creates instance of secure server exposer factory that will expose secure servers for runtime with the specified runtime identity .", "creates instance of server exposer factory that will expose servers for runtime with the specified runtime identity .", "creates instance of secure server exposer factory that will expose secure for runtime with the specified runtime identity .", "creates instance of secure server exposer factory that will expose secure servers with the specified runtime identity .", "creates instance of secure server exposer factory that will expose secure servers for runtime the specified identity ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified value name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the uri given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the location given in the uri after being resolved against the core instance dir .", "this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the uri instance dir .", "this is the path given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir ."]
["a helper method to search for path segments of a request path .", "a helper method to search for path of a request path .", "a helper method to search for segments of a path path .", "a helper method to path for segments of a request path .", "a path method to search for segments of a request path ."]
["validates and returns the underlying schema of the given schema . field .", "validates and returns the underlying type of the given schema . field .", "validates and returns the underlying logical type schema of the given schema . field .", "validates and returns the logical type of the given schema . field .", "validates and returns the logical schema of the given schema . field ."]
["sets new reference to partition sizes page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to sizes counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to partition counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to partition counters page .", "sets new reference to partition page ( logical cache sizes ) ."]
["in this case dependant plugins not disabled .", "in this case dependant plugins disabled .", "in this case plugins not disabled .", "in this case dependant dependents not disabled .", "in this case dependant plugins not plugins or %UNK% ."]
["deletes all files and sub - directories under .", "deletes all files .", "deletes all files - directories under .", "deletes all files under .", "deletes all files and prefetched - directories under ."]
["encodes the given object using the configured # serializer .", "encodes the given object .", "encodes the given object using the configured # encoder .", "encodes the given encoder using the configured # serializer .", "encodes the given object using the configured # byte ."]
["the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates <INSERT_END> id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates curve id as the identifier ."]
["prints a record with the specified entries .", "prints a record with the specified entries .", "prints a entries with the specified fields .", "prints a record with the specified entries entries .", "prints a record with the specified ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details ."]
["returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned time changing the zone offset to the earlier the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap ."]
["returns the parent path folder to the resource in the current site .", "returns the parent folder to the resource in the current site .", "returns the path folder to the resource in the current site .", "returns the parent folder to the path in the current site .", "returns the path parent folder to the resource in the current site ."]
["the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .", "the format of the region id depends on the group .", "the region id depends on the group .", "the zone format of the region id depends on the group .", "region id depends on the group ."]
["receives all emails that matches given filter filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) .", "receives all emails that matches given filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) .", "receives all emails that matches given final email filter filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) ."]
["checks if pos is [ offset . . offset + length ]", "checks if pos is in range offset . . offset + length ]", "checks if pos in range [ offset . . offset + length ]", "checks if pos is in [ offset . . offset + length ]", "checks if pos is in range [ offset . . offset length ]"]
["the gossip digest is built based on randomization rather than just looping through the collection of live node .", "the gossip digest is built based on randomization rather than just looping through the collection of node endpoints .", "the gossip digest is built based on randomization rather than just looping through the collection of live nodes .", "the gossip digest is built based on randomization rather than just looping through the node of live endpoints .", "the gossip digest is built based on node rather than just looping through the collection of live endpoints ."]
["sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the scope scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope .", "returns the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .", "sets the encryption scope encryption scope blob contents on the server ."]
["sets the client to accept only requests with a given certificate .", "modifies the client to accept only requests with a given certificate .", "modifies the client to accept requests with a given certificate .", "modifies the sslsocket to accept only requests with a given certificate .", "returns the client to accept only requests with a given certificate ."]
["gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( string , under file system configuration , alluxio configuration ) can succeed for this path .", "gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( string , under file system configuration , configuration ) can succeed for this path .", "gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( under file system configuration , alluxio configuration ) can succeed for this path .", "gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( string , under file system configuration , configuration ) can succeed for this path .", "gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( string , file system configuration , alluxio configuration ) can succeed for this path ."]
["code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders ( http headers httpheaders )", "code snippets for blob client base # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets ( http headers client base # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )", "code snippets for blob client base # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders ( blob http headers )"]
["returns the split brain protection name for operations .", "returns the split name for operations .", "returns the split brain name for operations .", "returns the name for operations .", "returns the brain brain protection name for operations ."]
["if the element already has the attribute set , it will be overridden .", "if the element already has the attribute set , it will be overridden .", "if the attribute already has the attribute set , it will be overridden .", "if the element has the attribute set , it will be overridden .", "attribute set , it will be overridden ."]
["the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the char sequence .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each char sequence in the strings .", "unicode value of each character in the strings .", "the char sequence is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings ."]
["returns the sitename .", "returns the param sitetitle .", "returns the sitename sitename .", "returns the sitetitle .", "returns the sitename sitetitle ."]
["sync training listener # on training start ( sync training event ) on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts .", "listeners training listener # on training start ( listeners training event ) on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts .", "sync training listener # on training start on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts .", "training listener # on training start ( training event ) on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts .", "on training start ( sync training event ) on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts ."]
["closes any watchers , thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state , and removes any state in filesystem and zookeeper", "closes any watchers , thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state zookeeper", "closes , thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state , and removes any state in filesystem and zookeeper", "closes any watchers , thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state , and removes any state in zookeeper", "closes thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state , and removes any state in filesystem and zookeeper"]
["sets the split brain protection name for queue operations .", "sets the split name for queue operations .", "sets the name for queue operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for queue operations .", "sets the split brain protection for queue operations ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this method is called when a component will be rendered standalone .", "this method is called when a component will be rendered .", "this method is called when the component will be rendered standalone .", "the method is called when a component will be rendered standalone .", "this method is called when an component will be rendered standalone ."]
["fill all the options for a given core nlp object .", "fill all the options for a given core nlp subcomponent .", "fill all the options for a given subcomponent nlp annotator .", "fill all the options for a given core nlp object .", "fill all the options for a given object nlp annotator ."]
["when ' false ' is set , fab visibility is set to enabled . gone programmatically ,", "when ' false ' is set , fab visibility is set to view . gone programmatically ,", "when ' false ' is set , fab visibility is set to gone programmatically ,", "when ' false ' is set , fab enabled is set to view . gone programmatically ,", "when ' false ' is set , fab visibility is set to view programmatically ,"]
["decorates services whose route matches the specified pattern .", "services whose route matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the path pattern .", "decorates whose route matches the specified path pattern ."]
["walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from jdk name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from should name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 jdk files , from file name to the class contained with in it ."]
["download zip file # # # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive .", "file # # # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive", "zip file # # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive .", "file # # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive .", "# # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive ."]
["pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the quaterniondc transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix ."]
["returns the type node to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists .", "returns the type node to the left of the \" \" if it exists .", "returns the type node to the left of the : \" if it exists .", "returns the type node to the left of the : : if it exists .", "returns the type node to the left of the \" : : \" if it exists ."]
["register a record writer listener .", "register a record writer .", "register a writer listener reader .", "register a writer reader .", "register a writer listener ."]
["creates a catalog object using the specified feature settings and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates a catalog object using the specified feature uris and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates a catalog object using the specified uris settings and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates a catalog uris using the specified feature settings and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates a catalog object using the specified feature uri and path to one or more catalog files ."]
["adds tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds tags for the specified namespaced entity .", "adds tags for the specified namespaced id .", "adds for the specified namespaced entity id .", "adds tags entity ."]
["this method sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext and therefore supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format .", "this method sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext and supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format .", "sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext and therefore supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format .", "this method sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format .", "it sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext and therefore supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format ."]
["if the set configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the set etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the etag doesn ' t match anything if the configuration update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the set configuration doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 ."]
["get list .", "get properties .", "get properties resource .", "get list of properties .", "get list keys ."]
["get the numbe rof relationships in the collection .", "get the numbe rof relationships .", "gets the numbe rof relationships in the collection .", "returns the numbe rof relationships in the collection .", "get the numbe rof returns in the collection ."]
["returns a builder for custom analyzers that loads all resources from classpath .", "returns a builder that loads all resources from classpath .", "returns a builder for custom analyzers that loads the resources from classpath .", "returns a builder for custom analyzers that loads all resources from classpath with the given class .", "returns a builder for custom analyzers that loads all resources from classpath with the given analyzer ."]
["this will specify the destination document to open in a new window .", "destination document to open in a new window .", "this will specify the destination document to open in the new window .", "this will specify the destination document to open in an window .", "this will specify the window document to open in a new window ."]
["parses options .", "parses options in a specified map .", "parses options in the specified assign .", "parses assign in the specified map .", "parses options in specified map ."]
["returns all rotations for this application", "returns all rotations for this rotations", "returns all rotations for this application .", "returns all rotations for this application", "returns the rotations for this application"]
["extracts gcm topic names out of a given criteria object ( e . g .", "extracts gcm topic names out of a given fcmtopics object ( e . g .", "extracts gcm topic names out of a given object ( e . g .", "extracts gcm fcmtopics names out of a given criteria object ( e . g .", "extracts gcm topic names out of a given object ( e g ."]
["returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy , or null if no suitable provider can be found .", "returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy .", "returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy can be found .", "returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy", "returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy , or null if no suitable provider can be found ."]
["sets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field", "sets the value of the ' keep cells ' field", "sets the value of the ' deleted cells ' field", "sets the value of the ' keep deleted ' field", "sets the value of the ' keep object cells ' field"]
["removes instance .", "removes port .", "removes inst .", "removes network port .", "removes network ."]
["now loop through the sorted list and retrieve the gossip digest corresponding to the node from the map that was initially constructed .", "now loop through the sorted list and retrieve the gossip digest corresponding to the endpoint from the map that was initially constructed .", "loop through the sorted list and retrieve the gossip digest corresponding to the endpoint from the map that was initially constructed .", "now loop through the sorted list and retrieve the node digest corresponding to the endpoint from the map that was initially constructed .", "now loop through the sorted list and retrieve the gossip digest corresponding to the endpoint from the node that was initially constructed ."]
["gets ( and removes from the record ) the handshake message with this handshake ' s next expected message sequence number .", "gets ( and removes from the queue ) the handshake message with this handshake ' s next expected message record number .", "gets ( and removes from the queue ) the record message with this record ' s next expected message sequence number .", "gets ( and removes from the queue ) the handshake record with this handshake ' s next expected record sequence number .", "gets ( and removes from the queue ) the handshake message with this handshake ' s next expected message sequence record ."]
["note that time secs is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers .", "note that 60 is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers .", "note that time is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers .", "note that secs is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers .", "note time is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers ."]
["if you define two fields with same name but different cases , behavior is undefined .", "if you define two fields with same mixed name but different cases , behavior is undefined .", "if you define two fields with mixed name but different cases , behavior is undefined .", "if you define two fields with same mixed but different cases , behavior is undefined .", "if you define two fields with same name but different mixed , behavior is undefined ."]
["if the message have the embeds suppressed then this action can undo the suppressed embeds .", "if the message embeds suppressed then this action can undo the suppressed embeds .", "if the message have the then this action can undo the suppressed .", "if the message have suppressed then this action can undo suppressed embeds .", "if the message have the embeds suppressed then this action can undo embeds ."]
["checks if a message needs to be encrypted .", "checks if a needs to be encrypted / decrypted .", "checks if a message needs to be encrypted / decrypted .", "checks if a gms needs to be encrypted / decrypted .", "checks if a message needs to be / decrypted ."]
["read an item list dao from a file .", "map an item list dao from a file .", "read an item dao from a file .", "read a list dao from a file .", "read an item map dao from a file ."]
["this operation enables you to check the status of your job .", "operation enables you to check the status of your job .", "this enables you to check the status of your job .", "see response : this operation enables you to check the status of your job .", "see handler : this operation enables you to check the status of your job ."]
["reset the value given the timestamp and reals .", "reset the value given the timestamp , value reals .", "reset the value given the timestamp value and .", "reset the value given the timestamp .", "reset the timestamp , value and reals ."]
["returns the checkout with the primary key or throws a no such checkout exception if it could not be found .", "returns the checkout with the primary key liferay . ams . no such checkout exception if it could not be found .", "returns the checkout with the primary key or throws a ams no such checkout exception if it could not be found .", "returns the checkout with the primary key or throws ams . no such checkout exception if it could not be found .", "returns the checkout with the primary key or throws a ams . no such checkout exception if it could not be found ."]
["factory method that returns list of callable tasks for performing maxpooling operation", "factory method that returns list of callable tasks for maxpooling operation", "factory method that returns list of tasks for performing maxpooling operation", "factory method that returns list of callable tasks", "factory method that returns list of callable tasks for performing maxpooling operation ."]
["this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "this function initializes the facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .", "the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called ."]
["we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent call , guava does a good job at handling that situation .", "we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent , guava does a good job at handling that situation .", "we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent read , guava does a good job at handling that situation .", "we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent logger , guava does a good job at handling that situation .", "we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent class , guava does a good job at handling that situation ."]
["simple example of a replacement pattern , deleting entries which only include ssns", "example of a replacement pattern , deleting entries which only include ssns", "simple example of a credit pattern , deleting entries which only include ssns", "credit example of a replacement pattern , deleting entries which only include ssns", "simple example of a replacement pattern"]
["src file / directory to the dest file / directory .", "copy the contents of the src file / directory to the dest file / directory .", "contents of the src file / directory to the dest file / directory .", "the src file / directory to the dest file / directory .", "to the dest file / directory ."]
["such permission depends on whether the current user is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the permissions user , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects .", "such permission depends on whether the current user is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the entity user , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects .", "such permission depends on whether the current user is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the user , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects .", "such permission depends on whether the current permissions is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the target permissions , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects .", "such permission depends on whether the current entity is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the target entity , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects ."]
["interface to perform ipa over a given dml program .", "public interface to perform ipa over a given program .", "public interface to perform ipa over the given dml program .", "analyze interface to perform ipa over a given dml program .", "public interface to perform ipa over a given analyze program ."]
["unlock the given region , throw an ioexception if we fail .", "unlock the given region .", "unlock the given region , throw we fail .", "unlock the given region , throw a if we fail .", "unlock the given region , throw an ioexception ."]
["standard getter for the rightwardlabel value in this relationship", "getter for the rightwardlabel string in this relationship", "standard getter for the value string in this relationship", "standard getter for the rightwardlabel string in this value", "standard getter for the rightwardlabel string in this relationship"]
["return the current head segment .", "return the current head .", "return the current head segment .", "return the current segment segment .", "return the current starting head ."]
["recursively assigns an iterable value to a list expression .", "recursively assigns an iterable value to a expression literal .", "recursively assigns an iterable value to a list literal .", "recursively assigns an iterable value to a list .", "recursively assigns an iterable value to a list list ."]
["in this case the underlying stream is advanced to the end of the associated mpeg frame .", "the underlying stream is advanced to the end of the associated mpeg frame .", "in this case the underlying stream is advanced to the end of the associated mpeg .", "in this case the stream is advanced to the end of the associated mpeg frame .", "this case underlying stream is advanced to the end of the ."]
["returns an unmodifiable list of the job args for this job specification .", "returns an unmodifiable list of the args for this job specification .", "returns an unmodifiable list of the command args for this job specification .", "returns an job list of the command args for this job specification .", "returns an unmodifiable list of the job for this job specification ."]
["generic a transaction status instance for the given arguments .", "create an generic status instance for the given arguments .", "create a transaction instance for the given arguments .", "generic a transaction instance for the given arguments .", "create a transaction generic instance for the given arguments ."]
["this method is always invoked after # secure connect start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # secure connect start .", "this method is always invoked after # connect start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after secure connect start ( ) ."]
["alias for future # successful ( executor , object )", "alias for future # successful ( , object )", "alias for future # successful ( , object )", "alias for future # successful ( service , object )", "alias for future # successful ( executor executor , object )"]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?"]
["test of length method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of npara method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test length npara method , of class negative binomial distribution .", "test of method , length class negative binomial distribution ."]
["gets an integer from the given string .", "gets an integer .", "gets an integer from the given .", "gets an string from the given element .", "gets an integer from the string ."]
["removes all the sync d l objects where repository id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where r id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where parent folder = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where parent id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where repository folder id = ?"]
["invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent requires to resolve the given root modules", "invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent . resolve resolve the given root modules ."]
["the script is added to the tree of scripts and its templates loaded , if any .", "the script is added to the tree of scripts , if any .", "the script is added to the tree of scripts and its scripts loaded , if any .", "the script is added to the tree of scripts and its changes loaded , if any .", "the script is added to the tree of scripts and its templates loaded ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns true if this result represents an unmappable - character error .", "returns true if this result represents an unmappable error .", "returns true if this result represents an unmappable .", "returns true if this unmappable represents an unmappable - character error .", "returns true if this result represents an unmappable - unmappable error ."]
["extracts options from the specified item .", "extracts options .", "extracts options from a specified item .", "lists options from the specified item .", "returns options from the specified item ."]
["convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception .", "return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one ."]
["a materialization where the primitive view type is a multimap with fully specified windowed keys .", "a materialization where the primitive view type is a multimap .", "a materialization where the view type is a multimap with fully specified windowed keys .", "a materialization where the primitive view type is a multimap with specified windowed keys .", "a materialization where the primitive view type is a multimap keys ."]
["objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . fixed . item", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . fixed . item", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . item . category", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . fixed . item", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . fixed item"]
["resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a package name are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a package are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a java package name are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a java identifier are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not package name are resources that can never be encapsulated ."]
["converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii 0 and 1 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii 0 .", "converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii 0 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii 1 characters .", "converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii"]
["we should also flush the buffer is there are any thints for the node there , and close the writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around .", "we should also flush the buffer is there are any thints for the node there , and the writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around .", "we should also flush buffer is there are any thints for node there , and close writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around .", "we should also flush the buffer is there are any thints for the node there , close the writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around .", "we should also flush the buffer is there are any thints for the node there , and %UNK% the writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around ."]
["brings the nodes in a correct order according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a correct order to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a correct according to the dependencies that they have .", "brings the bind nodes in a order according to the dependencies that they have ."]
["queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this create for the given query string .", "queries this search create for the given query string ."]
["number of direct children ( no recursion ; for rooms / folders only )", "number of direct children ( no recursion ; for rooms only )", "number of children ( no recursion ; for rooms / folders only )", "number of direct children ( no recursion ; for rooms folders only )", "number of direct children ( no recursion ; for [ / folders only )"]
["prepare name id attribute id p attribute .", "name id attribute id p attribute .", "prepare id attribute id p attribute .", "prepare name attribute p attribute .", "prepare name attribute p attribute"]
["scope of the task .", "scope .", "scope of task .", "scope of a task .", "scope of the match ."]
["an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from arguments . , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments ."]
["create a builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "returns a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create an builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .", "create builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator ."]
["when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another buffer copy .", "when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another data copy .", "when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another valid copy .", "when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another present copy .", "when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another ensure copy ."]
["get the list of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the list of git visibility web - elements in the editor", "gets the list of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the visibility of git markers web - elements in the editor", "get the list of visibility markers web - elements in the editor"]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["create and return a starlark function info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring .", "create and return a function info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring .", "create and return an starlark function info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring .", "create and return a starlark info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring .", "create and return a user defined function info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring ."]
["you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the in the request .", "you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request .", "you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the in the request", "you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the limit parameter in the request .", "you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the"]
["tests the creation of a md5 authentication code for the md5 algorithm .", "tests the md5 of a message authentication code for the md5 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the md5 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message code for the md5 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the md5 md5 ."]
["returns true if the given name is a legal type name .", "returns true if the given type is a legal binary name .", "returns true if the given name is a legal binary type .", "returns true if the given name is a legal binary name .", "returns true if the given name is a legal name ."]
["traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a iterable x , applying the transformation function to every element in the iterable", "traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a reactive x , applying the transformation function to every element in the reactive", "traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a iterable seq x , applying the transformation function to every element in the iterable seq", "traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a reactive seq , applying the transformation function to every element in the list", "traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a iterable x , applying the transformation function to every element in the list"]
["for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "for el need to unquote everything but the need to convert anything .", "to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "note : for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "but no need to convert anything ."]
["clean up .", "clean initializes .", "clean freigegeben .", "clean .", "clean fits ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for client and debugging ."]
["calculates and returns the bottom margin of a view , which visualizes a tab .", "calculates and returns the item margin of a view , which visualizes a tab .", "calculates and returns the bottom margin of a item , which visualizes a tab .", "calculates and returns the bottom margin of a view .", "calculates and returns the margin of a view , which visualizes a tab ."]
["waits until the job has reached a certain state .", "waits until the job has reached a state .", "waits until the job has reached the certain state .", "waits until the job has reached an state .", "waits until the job has status a certain state ."]
["code snippet for data lake directory client # get subdirectory client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory client # get directory subdirectory ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory client # get subdirectory directory client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory client # sub subdirectory client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory client # subdirectory directory client ( string )"]
["as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with the", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail", "as service binding involves resolution then it may fail", "binding involves resolution then it may fail with"]
["gets the http request , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope .", "gets the request , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope .", "gets the http , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope .", "gets the request request , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope .", "gets the http config , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope ."]
["slight performance increase over # render ( buffer builder ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( buffer ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( buffer builder builder ) .", "slight performance increase over # render ( buffer buffer builder .", "slight performance increase over # render ( vertex buffer ) ."]
["returns a flag , indicating if automatic pulling is enabled by default before .", "returns a , indicating if automatic pulling is enabled by default .", "returns a flag if automatic pulling is enabled by default .", "returns a flag is enabled by default .", "returns a flag by default ."]
["given a descriptor and primary key , find the locally cross - referenced natural id .", "given a type and primary key , find the locally cross - referenced natural id .", "given a persister and primary descriptor , find the locally cross - referenced natural id .", "given a persister and primary type , find the locally cross - referenced natural id .", "given a persister and primary key , find the locally cross - referenced natural id ."]
["appends image window # close ( ) .", "appends window # close ( ) .", "appends image # close ( ) .", "image window # close ( ) .", "appends image window close ( ) ."]
["return a list of all extensions with the given element name and namespace .", "return a set of all extensions with the given element name and namespace .", "return an list of all extensions with the given element name and namespace .", "return a all extensions with the given element name and namespace .", "return a of all extensions with the given element name and namespace ."]
["begin insert before the current line by creating a new blank line above the current line", "begin insert before the line by creating a new blank line above the line", "begin insert line by creating a new blank line above current line", "begin insert line by creating a new blank line current line", "begin insert before the by creating a new blank line above the line"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["reset password # # # functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value .", "password # # functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value .", "# # functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value .", "reset password # # # functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value .", "# functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value ."]
["walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 jdk files jar , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 jdk jar , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub jdk jar , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk directory and create a mapping , # jdk stub files jar , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 files jar , from file name to the class contained with in it ."]
["returns the path directory .", "returns the package directory .", "returns the package directory .", "returns the package path .", "returns the object directory ."]
["sets the space between space .", "sets the space between vertical .", "sets the space between children .", "sets the space .", "sets the space between children ."]
["stop the sync manager .", "stop the sync manager .", "stop the alluxio .", "stop the alluxio manager .", "sync the sync manager ."]
["register a module this this class .", "register a module this this class loader .", "register module this this class loader .", "returns a module this this class loader .", "register a module this this class module ."]
["if an existing file is overwritten , it is moved to the recycle bin instead of the restored one .", "it is moved to the recycle bin instead of the restored one .", "if a file is overwritten , it is moved to the recycle bin instead of the restored one .", "if an existing file is overwritten recycle bin instead of the .", "if an existing file is overwritten bin instead of the restored ."]
["the default implementation fades out the dialog over 400 milliseconds and then removes it from the stage .", "the default implementation fades out the dialog over 400 milliseconds .", "the default implementation out the dialog over 400 milliseconds and then removes it from the stage .", "dialog over 400 milliseconds and then removes it from the stage .", "the default implementation fades out the dialog over 400 milliseconds removes it from the stage ."]
["returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a calendar no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a . no such resource exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns table header tip table tip provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter .", "returns table header tool table tip provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter .", "returns table header tool tool table provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter .", "returns table header tool tip table provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter .", "returns table table header tool tip provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter ."]
["copies entries one array to .", "copies entries from array to another .", "copies entries from one copy to another .", "copies entries from one array .", "copies entries one array to ."]
["sends a notification broadcast for a task that has started or became due .", "sends a notification broadcast for a task that has started due .", "sends a notification broadcast for a task that has started .", "sends a notification broadcast became due .", "sends a notification broadcast that has started ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the cluster cluster id .", "returns the cluster id name .", "returns the cluster cluster .", "returns the cluster id .", "returns the cluster id id ."]
["adds a surface config to the combination .", "adds a surface to the combination .", "adds a surface config to the combination .", "adds a config configuration to the combination .", "adds a surface configuration to the combination ."]
["multiply this amount with the given amount", "amount this duration with the given duration", "multiply this duration with the given amount duration", "multiply this duration with the amount", "multiply this duration with the given amount"]
["returns the border attack that sentry robots are restricted to .", "returns the border attack range that sentry robots are restricted to .", "returns the border that sentry robots are restricted to .", "returns the border range that sentry robots are restricted to .", "returns the border border size that sentry robots are restricted to ."]
["the given media item is set as the tag of the source .", "the given media is set as the tag of the source .", "the given media item is set as the tag of the source .", "the given media media is set as the tag of the source .", "the given media item is set as the tag of the source ."]
["test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field .", "test that document element . add value does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field .", "test that value element . add does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field .", "test that element . add does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field .", "test that document add value . add does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field ."]
["writes events to bed file", "writes events collection to bed file", "writes events file to bed file", "writes events calls to bed file", "writes events bed file"]
["returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null for none .", "returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow .", "returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow for none .", "returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account or null for none .", "returns the space - separated scopes to use with the the service account flow or null for none ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of 8 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 8 comprehension option .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension option of 8 iterables .", "creates a option for - comprehension of 8 iterables ."]
["calories burned1 data point .", "calories burned data point .", "calories data point .", "calories burned burned1 point .", "calories burned1 point ."]
["obtains new proxy instantiator based on given weld configuration .", "obtains new proxy instantiator based on given configuration .", "obtains new proxy instantiator based on given", "obtains proxy instantiator based on given weld configuration .", "obtains new proxy instantiator based on given proxy configuration ."]
["version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl", "context version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ context _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl", "initialize version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ initialize _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl"]
["set the client used for plain # create async request ( uri , method ) asynchronous execution .", "set client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set the http client used for plain # create request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set the http used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "set client used for plain # create async request ( uri http method ) asynchronous execution ."]
["sets the page flag to .", "sets the page changed flag to the .", "sets the page changed flag to page .", "sets the page page changed flag to .", "sets the page changed flag to ."]
["ensure that at most open requests are not complete .", "ensure that at most max open requests are not complete .", "ensure that at most num max open requests are not complete .", "ensure that at most num waiting max open requests are not complete .", "ensure that at most num waiting threads max open requests are not complete ."]
["add a series for a bubble type chart using using lists", "add a series for a bubble type using using lists", "add a series for a bubble type", "add an series for an bubble type chart using using lists", "add a series for a bubble type data using using lists"]
["the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside an literal .", "inside a string literal ."]
["returns true is this module patcher has no patches .", "returns is this module patcher has no patches .", "returns patches is this module patcher has no patches .", "returns true is this patches patcher has no patches .", "returns true is this module patcher has no patches ."]
["a ballerina exception will be thrown if the key does not exists .", "a fill exception will be thrown if the key does not exists .", "a fill will be thrown if the key does not exists .", "the ballerina exception will be thrown if the key does not exists .", "an fill will be thrown if the key does not exists ."]
["also clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the pooled connection .", "also clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the", "clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the pooled connection .", "also clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the connection .", "also clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the ."]
["fills the opt box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' .", "fills the opt group box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' .", "fills the option box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' .", "fills the option group box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' .", "fills the group group box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' ."]
["add a info event log entry and log .", "add a info event log entry and log .", "add a info event entry item and log .", "add a info event log and log .", "add a info event entry item and entry ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["this methods sets this armature in its apply ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its apply pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its bind pose", "this methods sets this armature in its bind pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )"]
["asserts that the given violation list has the expected no .", "asserts that the given no list has the expected number of violations .", "asserts that the given violation list has the expected no of violations .", "asserts that the given violation list has the expected number of no .", "asserts that the given violation list has the expected number of no ."]
["stub of plugin # before declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # will before property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # before declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override"]
["or throws a akismet no such data exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such data exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such data exception if it could not be found .", "or throws akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found ."]
["reset all mocks .", "reset the mocks .", "reset all mocks .", "reset all reset .", "reset all sets ."]
["returns true if the method has any shiro annotations , false otherwise .", "returns true if the method has any shiro annotations , false .", "returns true if the method has any shiro annotations .", "returns true if the method has any shiro annotations , otherwise .", "returns true if the method has any shiro annotations otherwise ."]
["in other words , other sessions can continue to play during the prepare of this session .", "in other words , other sessions can continue to play during the prepare of this session .", "in other words , other sessions can continue to play during prepare of this session .", "in other words , other sessions can continue to prepare during the prefetch of this session .", "in other words , other prepare can continue to play during the prefetch of this session ."]
["clears the value of the ' public ports ' field", "clears the value of the ' public ' field", "clears the value of the ' public port ' ports", "clears the value of the ' port ' field", "clears the value of the ' public port ' field"]
["helper method that allows for registration of to the class white list .", "helper method that allows for registration of regex to the class white list .", "helper method that allows for registration of regexps to the white list .", "method that allows for registration of regexps to the class white list .", "helper method that allows for registration of regexps to the class list ."]
["register an observer event listener with the current context ( provided ) .", "register an observer event listener with the current context .", "register an observer event listener .", "register an observer listener with the current context ( provided ) .", "register a event listener with the current context ( provided ) ."]
["search text placeholer by its placeholder", "search text placeholer by its hslfsimple", "search text placeholer by its ss", "search text placeholer by type", "search text placeholer by the type"]
["return the first argument if it yields an empty sequence .", "return the argument if it yields an empty sequence .", "returns the first argument if it yields an empty sequence .", "return the first argument if it yields a sequence .", "return the first argument if it yields a ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one or cosmos feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one or several flux response of the obtained items ."]
["the negative of contains is # not containing .", "the negative of contains is # not containing containing .", "the negative of contains is # containing containing .", "the negative of contains is # not .", "the negative of contains is # not containing not ."]
["configure a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type runtime against"]
["the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of library player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the library content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) ."]
["returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t pass the binding validation status to any status handler .", "returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t pass binding the validation status to any status handler .", "returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t validation binding the validation status to any status handler .", "returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t pass the validation binding status to any status handler .", "returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t pass the pass binding status to any status handler ."]
["ensure that the api still exists .", "ensure that the still exists .", "ensure that the api still exists .", "ensure that the service still api .", "ensure that the api exists ."]
["connect to a single server .", "connect to a single server with retry .", "connect a single server with .", "println to a single server with retry .", "connect to a single server with println ."]
["peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac _ stream _ marker is present .", "peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac _ stream is present .", "peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac _ stream marker is present .", "peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac stream _ marker is present .", "peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac stream is present ."]
["log subscription related events : new , cancel , restore , heartbeat , expire", "log subscription related events : , cancel , restore , heartbeat , expire", "log subscription related events , cancel , restore , heartbeat , expire", "log subscription related events : new cancel , restore , heartbeat , expire", "log subscription related events new , cancel , restore , heartbeat ,"]
["and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? ."]
["returns the calendar with the primary key or throws a calendar no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar with the primary key or throws a no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar with the primary key or throws calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found ."]
["creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "creates minimal http async client instance that provides / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "creates minimal http async client instance that provides / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 / 2 message transport only .", "creates minimal http async client instance that returns essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only ."]
["gets the groups used to find a repo curve .", "returns the groups used to find a repo curve .", "gets the repo used to find a repo curve .", "gets a groups used to find a repo curve .", "gets the groups used to returns a repo curve ."]
["prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding type predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding handler type predicate in the map ."]
["returns a bitmap flagging the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to .", "returns bitmap flagging the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to .", "returns a flagging the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to .", "returns the bitmap flagging the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to .", "returns the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to ."]
["path source paths utilize the project source path resolver # adapter path source path resolver to resolve the path .", "path source paths utilize the project source path resolver source path # path source adapter to resolve the path .", "path source paths utilize the project source path resolver source path resolver to resolve the path .", "path source paths utilize the project source path resolver # path adapter source path resolver to resolve the path .", "path source paths utilize the project source path resolver path resolver to resolve the path ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name and get value to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( and get value ( to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of", "when the returned value is not null use cookie methods name ( ) and value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of"]
["[ if sidecar19 ]", "[ if sidecar19 - se ]", "[ if sidecar19 - se", "[ if sidecar19 - ]", "[ if sidecar19 - %UNK% ]"]
["user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in a case manner .", "user names will always be checked in the case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in an case insensitive manner .", "the user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner ."]
["outgoing data messages received or sent during a handshake may be dropped or processed deferred after the handshake .", "application data messages received or sent during a handshake may be application outgoing or processed deferred after the handshake .", "application data outgoing received or sent during a handshake may be dropped or processed deferred after the handshake .", "data outgoing data messages received or sent during a handshake may be dropped or processed deferred after the handshake .", "application data received or sent during a handshake may be dropped or processed deferred after the handshake ."]
["convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( callable model boolean , string ) ."]
["the input key class is org . apache . sqoop . lib . sqoop avro record .", "the input key class is org . apache . . lib . avro record .", "the input key class is org . apache . sqoop . lib . record", "the input key class is org . apache . sqoop . lib .", "the input key class is org . apache . sqoop . lib"]
["removes all of the instructions of this list .", "removes all of the instructions of the list .", "removes all of the instructions of this element .", "removes all of the current instructions of this list .", "removes all current of the instructions of this list ."]
["primary in this allocation", "primary address in this allocation", "ipv4 primary in this allocation", "ipv4 primary in this allocation", "primary"]
["if running on later , we must become a foreground service .", "if running on android oreo , we must become a foreground service .", "if running on oreo or later , we must become a foreground service .", "if running on android oreo or later , we must become a foreground service .", "if running on android oreo ."]
["parse the given , comma - separated string into a list of mime type objects .", "parse the given , mime - separated string into a list of mime type objects .", "parse the given , comma - separated string into a list of mime type mime .", "parse the given , comma - separated string into the list of mime type objects .", "parse the given , comma - separated mime into a list of mime type objects ."]
["same as above with a parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker .", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in a threshold checker", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker or score", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker or min"]
["creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "creates http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "returns minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "otherwise creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .", "creates a minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only ."]
["returns an transformer that runs a select query for each list of parameter objects in the source observable .", "returns a transformer that runs a select query for each list of parameter objects in the source observable .", "returns an operator that runs a select query for each list of parameter transformer in the source observable .", "returns an operator that runs a select query for each list of transformer objects in the source observable .", "returns an operator that transformer a select query for each list of parameter objects in the source observable ."]
["updates the parameter types of the method method name in the scene of the receiver tree ' s enclosing class based on the arguments to the method .", "updates the parameter types of the method method elt in the scene of the name tree ' s enclosing class based on the arguments to the method .", "updates the parameter types of the method method in the scene of the receiver name ' s enclosing class based on the arguments to the method .", "updates the parameter types of the method method elt in the scene of the receiver tree based on the arguments to the method .", "updates the parameter types of the method method name in the scene of the receiver tree ' s enclosing class based on the arguments to the method ."]
["or throws a no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a socialcoding no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found", "liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in ."]
["the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # accepts ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well .", "the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well .", "the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # accepts ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well .", "the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # can accepts ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well .", "the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # accepts accepts ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well ."]
["sets the vector collection used to accelerate the nearest neighbor search .", "sets the vector collection used to accelerate the nearest neighbor search .", "sets the vc used to accelerate the nearest neighbor search .", "sets the vc factory used to accelerate the nearest neighbor search .", "sets the vector collection used to accelerate the vc neighbor search ."]
["casts the date time to @ chrono local date with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ local date with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to chrono date with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ chrono local date with the same date .", "casts the date time to date chrono local date with the same chronology ."]
["create the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "returns the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the create request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the default request used when upgrade for the upgrade plan on a namespace ."]
["set resource of the stored procedure .", "set resource stored of the stored procedure .", "set of the stored procedure .", "set body .", "set sql of the stored procedure ."]
["atomically set the lo integer value without changing the hi value .", "set the lo integer value without changing the hi value .", "atomically get the lo integer value without changing the hi value .", "atomically set the lo integer value .", "atomically set the get lo integer value without changing the hi value ."]
["obtains an instance of offset date from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of offset date from a date - time .", "obtains an instance of offset date from a date object .", "obtains an instance of offset date from a date - time", "obtains an instance of offset date from a date ."]
["returns true if field ttlnotused is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl not used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field field not used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if ttl not used ttl is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : 1 . redirect abstract instant to date so calcite can recognize it .", "sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : 1 . redirect instant to date so calcite can recognize it .", "sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : 1 . abstract readable instant to date so calcite can recognize it .", "sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : abstract . redirect readable instant to date so calcite can recognize it .", "sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : 1 . redirect readable instant to date so calcite can recognize it ."]
["sets the cluster cluster id .", "sets the cluster id name .", "sets the cluster cluster .", "sets the cluster id .", "sets the cluster name ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and store .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging , debugging ."]
["setter for # allow headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # allow headers", "setter for # expose allow", "setter for # allow"]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one or cosmos feed response of the obtained items .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained items .", "the flux will contain one ."]
["checks the load metadata ptype to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata .", "checks the load metadata to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata .", "checks the load metadata ptype to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata .", "checks the load ptype type to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata .", "checks the load metadata type to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for %UNK% and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["preference should be visible", "preference should be device", "preference should be connectable", "preference should be %UNK%", "preference should be state"]
["deserializes the content as an object of the type .", "deserializes the content type as an object of the type .", "deserializes the type as an object of the type .", "content the json as an object of the type .", "deserializes the data as an object of the type ."]
["get value expressions .", "get value .", "get values .", "value expressions values .", "get expressions expressions ."]
["loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties of key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties properties key properties ) .", "loop over the properties properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key properties of ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["this allows active mq destinations to be passed around as strings and converted back again .", "this allows active mq destinations to be passed around as strings .", "this allows active mq destinations to be passed around .", "this allows active destinations to be passed around as strings and converted back again .", "this allows active mq destinations to be passed around as strings and converted again ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural property for more details .", "structural owldata for more details ."]
["applies a function f to the error of this validation if this is an invalid .", "applies a function f to the validation of this validation if this is an invalid .", "applies a function f to the of this validation if this is an invalid .", "applies a function f to the seq of this validation if this is an invalid .", "applies a function f to the error of this validation if this is an invalid ."]
["returns the full coordinates of the artifact - package path + version .", "returns the full coordinates of the path + version .", "returns the full coordinates of the artifact - package path .", "returns the full coordinates of the - package path + version .", "returns the full coordinates path + version ."]
["tests resiliency when egress device is down .", "resiliency resilency when egress device is down .", "tests resilency .", "tests when egress device is down .", "tests resilency when resiliency device is down ."]
["return the config file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name", "return the config file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name", "return the assure file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name", "return the file file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name", "returns the config file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name"]
["constructs and returns a new instance of dimension column .", "constructs and returns a new instance of column .", "constructs and returns a new instance of dimension .", "constructs and returns a new of dimension .", "constructs a new instance of dimension ."]
["creates a new instance using the given event to obtain the configuration ' s parameter values .", "creates a instance using the given event to obtain the configuration ' s parameter values .", "creates a new instance to obtain the configuration ' s parameter .", "creates a new instance to obtain the configuration ' s parameter values .", "creates a new instance using the given event to obtain the configuration ' s configuration values ."]
["skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring esc initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given esc is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , if ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' ."]
["run a method in a new run", "run a method in a new async", "run a method in a new", "run a method", "run a method in a new id"]
["this allows multiple versions of the dao to be configured if necessary .", "this allows versions of the dao to be configured if necessary .", "this allows multiple versions of the class dao to be configured if necessary .", "this allows multiple versions of a dao to be configured if necessary .", "this allows multiple versions of the connection dao to be configured if necessary ."]
["applies the optimization to all subqueries .", "applies the optimization to the subqueries .", "applies the optimization .", "applies a optimization to all subqueries .", "applies the optimization to a subqueries ."]
["test of parse method , of class certificate verify parser .", "test of parse method , of class certificate verify message parser .", "test of parse method , of class certificate message parser .", "test of parse method , of class message parser .", "test of parse method , of class certificate message parser ."]
["test connector factory # search by viewport ( viewport , tokens )", "test connector factory # search by viewport ( viewport tokens )", "test connector factory # search by viewport viewport , )", "test connector factory # search by viewport ( viewport )", "test connector factory # search by ( , map tokens )"]
["acquires the optional lock to block reinitialization .", "acquires the count lock to block reinitialization .", "acquires the read to block reinitialization .", "acquires the read optional to block reinitialization .", "acquires the lock to block reinitialization ."]
["each cause is appended after the exception is it the cause of .", "the cause is appended after the exception is it the cause of .", "exception is it the cause of .", "each list is appended after the exception is it the cause of .", "each encode is appended after the exception is it the cause of ."]
["this method alone will not make any changes to the session config , it is up to the use case to decide when to modify the session config .", "this method alone will not make any changes to the session configuration , it is up to the use config to decide when to modify the session configuration .", "this method alone will not make any changes to the session , it is up to the use case to decide when to modify the session .", "this method alone will not make any changes to the session configuration , it is up to the use case to decide when to modify the session configuration .", "this method alone will not make any changes to the config configuration , it is up to the use case to decide when to modify the session configuration ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of zone .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date object to an instance of zone id .", "this factory converts the arbitrary - time object to an instance of zone id .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date time object to an instance of zone id .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of zone id ."]
["tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string , string , string , map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string string , map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( , , map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map .", "tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string string map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map ."]
["generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according the version support contract for the version property .", "generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according the support type contract for the support property .", "generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according the version support contract for the version property .", "generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according the support type contract for the support property .", "generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according type contract for version property ."]
["returns an instance of program heartbeat dataset .", "returns an instance of program heartbeat .", "returns an instance of program heartbeat dataset .", "returns an instance of program heartbeat .", "returns an instance of program heartbeat dataset ."]
["handler with the specified stream .", "with the specified media stream", "the specified media stream .", "media dynamic with the specified media stream .", "media handler with all media stream ."]
["the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context .", "the request thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . request scope request ."]
["looks up classes in the virtual java 9 filesystem jrt :", "looks up virtual in the virtual java 9 filesystem jrt :", "looks up classes in the virtual virtual 9 filesystem jrt :", "looks virtual classes in the virtual java 9 filesystem jrt :", "virtual up classes in the virtual java 9 filesystem jrt :"]
["utility method for transforming an ssl configuration into an trust context .", "utility method for transforming ssl configuration into optional trust context .", "utility method for transforming an optional configuration into an optional trust context .", "utility method for an optional ssl configuration into an optional trust context .", "utility method for transforming ssl configuration into trust context ."]
["set user keypair # # # functional description : set the user ' s keypair .", "# # # functional description : the user ' s keypair .", "set user keypair set the user ' s keypair .", "functional description : set the user ' s keypair .", "# # functional description : set the user ' s keypair ."]
["optional . empty ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression .", "optional . ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression .", "optional ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression .", "empty . absent ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression .", "optional empty absent ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression empty"]
["returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the region , mesh , and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose .", "returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the region and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose .", "returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the region , and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose .", "returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the mesh , and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose .", "returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the region mesh , and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose ."]
["returns the event indexes .", "returns the event .", "returns the event indexes indexes .", "returns the event indexes .", "returns the indexes index ."]
["adds a new job to the pending jobs queue .", "adds a new job to the jobs queue .", "adds an job to the pending jobs queue .", "adds a new job to a pending jobs queue .", "adds a new job to the pending jobs queue ."]
["adds a button to the view .", "adds a to the view .", "adds a single button to the button .", "adds an button to the view .", "adds the view ."]
["returns a basic authorization header value for the given credentials .", "returns a basic header value for the given credentials and charset .", "returns a basic authorization header value for the given credentials and charset .", "returns a authorization header value for the given credentials and charset .", "returns a basic header value for the given credentials charset ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from string # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy # string # url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # url"]
["returns a range of all the sync d l objects where repository id = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where r id = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where parent folder = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where parent id = ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where p id = ?"]
["is matching by file name , module id and module name .", "is matching by file name , module id and name .", "is matching by file name , module id and check module .", "is matching by file name , module id and check name .", "is matching by check module , module id and check name ."]
["if the score is 60 or lower ( on a 1 to 100 interval ) the system default charset is returned instead .", "if the score is 60 ( on a 1 to 100 interval ) the system default charset is returned instead .", "if the score is 60 the system default charset is returned instead .", "if the visible is 60 or lower ( on a 1 to 100 interval ) the system default charset is returned instead .", "if the score is 60 ) the system default charset is returned instead ."]
["binds the specified service at the specified route of the default virtual host .", "binds the specified service at the specified route of the default", "binds the specified service at the specified route of the http virtual host .", "binds http the specified service at the specified route of the default virtual host .", "binds the specified http service at the specified http route of the default virtual host ."]
["check equality between two char sequence objects , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between two string objects , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between two char sequence , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between two text1 sequence objects , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .", "check equality between two string char sequence , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked ."]
["for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant until ( end instant , seconds )", "for example , the in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . until ( end instant , seconds ) .", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start until ( end instant , seconds )", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . ( end instant , seconds ) .", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start until ( end instant , seconds )"]
["if the prepare is not needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method .", "if prepare is not needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method .", "if the is not needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method .", "prepare the prefetch is not needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method .", "if the prefetch is prepare needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method ."]
["checks whether the entries event source of an entry event is crucial for this class .", "checks whether the entries event source of an entries event is crucial for this class .", "checks whether the entries event source of an entries event is crucial for this class .", "checks whether event source of an entry event is crucial for this class .", "checks whether the entry event source of the entries event is crucial for this class ."]
["the meta - property for the volatilities name property .", "the meta - property for the name name property .", "the meta - property for the swaption name property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities name name property .", "the meta - property for the name property ."]
["if the delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the delete configuration won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete configuration doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete etag configuration doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the configuration delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 ."]
["overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connect fail listener ) with no listeners .", "overload of # connect ( string , connect state listener , connect connection fail listener ) with no listeners .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server reconnect fail listener ) with no listeners .", "overload of # connect ( string , reconnect state listener , reconnect connection fail listener ) with no listeners .", "overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server fail reconnect ) with no listeners ."]
["no - op if parcel file descriptor is already closed .", "parcel file descriptor is already closed .", "no - op if file descriptor is already closed .", "no - op if parcel ref is already closed .", "no - op if file ref is already closed ."]
["the clone is given a new unique id .", "the entries is given a new unique id .", "the bib is given a new unique id .", "the list is given a new unique id .", "the entry is given a new unique id ."]
["tests recommend ( long , int ) .", "tests recommend related ( long , int ) .", "tests recommend related items ( long , int ) .", "tests recommend items ( long , int ) .", "tests global recommend ( long , int ) ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural owlclass for more details .", "structural prefix for more details ."]
["match statement against pattern for drop task", "match statement against pattern for task schedule", "match statement against pattern for drop", "match statement against pattern for drop schedule", "task statement against pattern for drop schedule"]
["test of variance method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of variance method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test variance var method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of var method , of class bernoulli distribution .", "test of method , variance class bernoulli distribution ."]
["creates new redis script .", "creates new script from resource .", "creates new redis script from resource .", "creates new redis script from resource .", "creates new redis script from redis ."]
["if the null is returned , session result # result _ error _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , error result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , session result # result _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , session result # result _ error unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , session result # result _ unknown _ error will be returned ."]
["pipeline . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "output . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "output io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "pipeline io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration .", "pipeline execution . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration ."]
["returns a restriction tracker which reports all claim attempts to the specified", "returns a tracker which reports all claim attempts to the specified", "returns a restriction tracker all claim attempts to the specified", "returns an restriction tracker which reports all claim attempts to the specified", "returns a restriction tracker which reports the claim attempts to the specified"]
["returns relative uri representation of this truffle file .", "returns uri representation of this truffle file .", "returns relative relative uri representation of this truffle file .", "returns possibly relative uri representation of the truffle file .", "returns possibly relative uri representation of this relative file ."]
["checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of object manager .", "checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of object .", "checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of .", "checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of", "checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of service manager ."]
["returns the request ' s command sequence .", "returns the request ' s sequence .", "returns the request ' s command sequence .", "returns the request ' s command sequence .", "returns the request ' command call sequence ."]
["creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .", "creates a new system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .", "creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs containing that master .", "creates a new fs master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .", "creates a new fs system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master ."]
["this is why there is not a set method for the content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the content content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the object content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the list content property ."]
["update the len .", "update a number .", "update the number .", "executes the number .", "update the invisible ."]
["as a special case , resources ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . stream \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . resource \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . input \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resource ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated ."]
["returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by this date - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by this zoned date - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by this date - time and the specified zone time - zone ."]
["query query for the given search string .", "creates source for the given search string .", "creates query for the given query string .", "creates query for the given source .", "creates query for the given source string ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for account and debugging ."]
["sets the decorating http service function and returns server builder that this decorating service binding builder was created from .", "sets the http decorating service function and returns server builder that this decorating service binding builder was created from .", "sets the decorating http service function and returns server builder that this decorating http service binding builder was created from .", "sets the decorating http function and returns server builder that this decorating service binding builder was created from .", "sets the service function and returns server builder that this service binding builder was created from ."]
["gets the url component containing the given class .", "gets the classpath component containing the given url .", "returns the classpath component containing the given class .", "gets the classpath component .", "gets the classpath url containing the given class ."]
["gedec the value of the ' dec ' fixed .", "gedec the value of the ' dec ' betrag .", "gedec the value of the ' kosten ' field .", "gedec the betrag of the ' dec ' field .", "gedec the value of the ' fixed ' field ."]
["construct a new instance of an execution that was skipped with the provided skip reason .", "construct a new instance of an execution that was skipped with the provided skip reason test .", "construct a new instance of an execution that was skipped with the provided reason .", "construct a new instance of an execution that was skipped with the provided test skip reason .", "construct a new instance of a execution that was skipped with the provided skip reason ."]
["the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs .", "separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input fields must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line ."]
["merging of data is required during an mind - meld .", "merging of assertz is required during an mind - meld .", "assertz of data is required during an mind - meld .", "merging of data is required during a mind - meld .", "merging of data is required during a - meld ."]
["reads a material from a name or id , depending on the tag type .", "reads a material from a name , depending on the tag type .", "reads a material from a material or id , depending on the tag type .", "reads a material from a name or material , depending on the tag type .", "reads a material from a name or id , depending on the material type ."]
["executes pems # public key spec from open ssh ( source ) on the string which was open ssh", "executes pems # public key spec from open ssh ( input source ) on the string which was open ssh", "executes pems # public key spec from open ssh ( wrap ) on the string which was open ssh", "executes pems # public key spec from open ssh ( supplier ) on the string which was open ssh", "executes pems # public key spec from open ssh on the string which was open ssh"]
["pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the quaterniondc transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix ."]
["all handlers will be invoked by this executors .", "all executors will be invoked by this executor .", "all handlers will be executors by this executor .", "all handlers will be invoked by this executor .", "all handlers will be invoked by the executor ."]
["test of get method , of class cpe memory index .", "test of get document method , of class cpe memory index .", "test of get document , of class cpe memory index .", "test of document document method , of class cpe memory index .", "test of document method , of class cpe memory index ."]
["returns true if field sampled is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field trace sampled is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field trace id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field sampled ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["this method is called when a component was rendered standalone .", "this method is called when a component was rendered .", "this method is called when the component was rendered standalone .", "this method is called when an component was rendered standalone .", "component was rendered standalone ."]
["creates a materialize - independent copy of the iterator results .", "creates a context - independent materialize of the iterator results .", "creates a copy of the iterator results .", "creates a context - materialize copy of the iterator results .", "creates an materialize - independent copy of the iterator results ."]
["returns the foo with the primary key or throws a no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key liferay . testpacl . no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws a testpacl no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws testpacl . no such foo exception if it could not be found .", "returns the foo with the primary key or throws a testpacl . no such foo exception if it could not be found ."]
["parses a symbol from the array and returns a proper object representation .", "parses a sample from the array and returns a proper symbol representation .", "parses a from the array and returns a proper object symbol .", "parses a json from the array and returns a proper object representation .", "parses a from the array and returns a proper object symbol symbol ."]
["returns the blaze root for the main package .", "returns the execution blaze root for the main package .", "returns the execution root for the blaze package .", "returns the blaze execution root for the main package .", "returns the execution root for the main package ."]
["set the group .", "add the group .", "returns the group .", "set the .", "set the group ."]
["any criteria implements queryable interface .", "any criteria implements queryable at runtime .", "criteria implements queryable interface at runtime .", "any criteria creates queryable interface at runtime .", "any criteria returns queryable interface at runtime ."]
["add a debug event log entry and log .", "add a debug event log entry and log .", "add a debug event log and log .", "add a debug event entry item and entry .", "add a debug event entry item and log ."]
["standard getter for the leftward value string in this relationship", "standard getter for the leftward string in this relationship", "standard getter for the leftward value string in this value", "standard getter for the leftward value string in this relationship .", "standard getter for the leftward value string in this relationship"]
["wrap an o , if necessary .", "wrap an object , if necessary .", "wrap an object .", "o an object , if necessary .", "wrap an object , if necessary ."]
["returns if the given type has itoken attribute type # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has document attribute type # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has itoken type attribute # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has separator attribute type # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has itoken type # itoken attribute _ separator _ document set ."]
["returns the explorer file entry options .", "returns the file entry options .", "returns the explorer entry options .", "returns the exporer file entry options .", "returns the explorer file explorer options ."]
["compiles the given code generator request .", "compiles the given code generator .", "code the given code generator request .", "compiles the given generator request .", "generate the given code generator request ."]
["the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its conjugate and summing the terms of the resulting quaternion .", "the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its conjugate .", "the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its summing the terms of the resulting quaternion .", "the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its bisection and summing the terms of the resulting quaternion .", "the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its ."]
["secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( properties properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get properties of of secret ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and call secret client # get properties ( secret properties ) .", "secret properties secret and properties secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) ."]
["saves all dictionary entries that appeared @ literal > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared literal > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared @ literal > threshold times : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared literal > threshold times note feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 ."]
["sets the specified value to the baseline uses context field .", "sets the specified value to the bool uses context field .", "sets the specified value to the baseline field .", "sets the specified value to the bool field .", "sets the specified value to the baseline uses field ."]
["sets the desired camera lens facing .", "sets the desired camera lens .", "sets the desired camera facing .", "sets the desired camera lens facing .", "sets the desired camera lens ."]
["create a media item with the id .", "create a media with the id .", "create a item item2 with the id .", "create a media item with the id .", "create a media item with the item ."]
["returns the request of the context .", "returns the http of the context .", "returns the request of the context .", "returns the request of the http .", "gets the request of the context ."]
["have been added with # activate index ( index descriptor2 ) .", "have been added with # activate index ( index reference ) .", "have been added with # activate index ( reference ) .", "have been added with # activate index ( index reference descriptor2 ) .", "have been added with # activate index ( reference ) ."]
["copied from slot crafting # on crafting ( stack )", "copied from slot crafting # on crafting", "copied from slot crafting # on crafting ( item stack )", "copied from # on crafting ( item stack )", "copied from slot crafting # on crafting ( item )"]
["adds a list of byte arrays as the payload of the request .", "adds a list of payload arrays as the payloads of the request .", "adds a list of byte payload as the payloads of the request .", "adds a payload of byte arrays as the payloads of the request .", "adds a list of byte arrays as the string of the request ."]
["removes all of the api contracts from es .", "removes all of the service api from es .", "removes all of the contracts from es .", "api all of the service contracts from es .", "removes all of the application contracts from es ."]
["return the nanoseconds when the next scheduled task is ready to be run or - 1 if no task is scheduled .", "return the nanoseconds when the task is ready to be run or - 1 if no task is scheduled .", "return the nanoseconds when the next task is ready to be run or - 1 if no task is .", "return the nanoseconds when the next scheduled task is ready to be run", "returns the nanoseconds when the next scheduled task is ready to be run or - 1 if no task is scheduled ."]
["converts array of to email address .", "converts array of to address .", "array of to email address .", "returns array of to email address .", "converts email of to email address ."]
["invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "invoke all returns empty collection", "invoke all ( empty collection ) returns an empty collection", "invoke an ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection"]
["by default , this method will return an instance of configuration writer factory . .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration writer factory .", "this method will return an instance of xml configuration writer factory .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration writer factory .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration writer factory . #"]
["checks to make sure that all properties specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all name specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that the properties specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all names specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all e specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value ."]
["returns true if the ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the button ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the button text should be bold .", "returns true if the text should be bold .", "returns true if the button should be bold ."]
["initialize source , build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def and library group .", "initialize build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def and library group .", "initialize source build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def and .", "initialize source , build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def .", "initialize source build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def and ."]
["it satisfies the general contract of the # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the object # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the hash code", "it satisfies the contract of the object # hash code", "it satisfies the general contract of the object code"]
["creates a block in stream to read from a grpc data server .", "creates a grpc in stream to read from a netty data server .", "creates a block in stream to read from a netty data server .", "creates a block in stream to read from a chunk data server .", "creates a block in stream to read from an grpc data server ."]
["verify that a named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that an subquery exists for each include .", "verify that the named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for the include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for an include ."]
["encode a pi profile action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi action profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi group profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a profile action group to a action profile group ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list configuration settings # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list . configuration settings # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . configurationclient . configuration settings # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list list configuration # setting selector - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . list configuration . list settings # setting selector - context"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs registry containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master fs containing that master ."]
["returns the desired task resource profile for the slot .", "returns the desired resource profile for the slot .", "returns the task resource profile for the slot .", "returns the resource profile for the slot .", "returns the desired resource profile for the task ."]
["prints a date - time object to an appendable using this formatter .", "formats a date - time object to an appendable using this formatter .", "prints a date - time object to a using this formatter .", "format a date - time object to an appendable using this formatter .", "adds a date - time object to an appendable using this formatter ."]
["submit the entered data .", "submit the data .", "submit a entered data .", "submit the resource data .", "submit a data ."]
["attempts to shutdown the thread gracefully .", "shutdown to close the thread gracefully .", "attempts to shutdown shutdown the thread gracefully .", "attempts to close the shutdown gracefully .", "attempts to shutdown the shutdown gracefully ."]
["# # # effects : the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container .", "the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container .", "effects : the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container .", "effects : the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container .", "# effects : the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container ."]
["restart if this particular result of the disablement of a plugin and its dependents plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd .", "restart if this particular result of the disablement of a plugin and its dependant plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd .", "restart if this particular result of the disablement of a plugin and its plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd .", "restart if this particular dependents of the disablement of a plugin and its dependant plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd .", "restart if this particular result of the disablement of a plugin and its dependent plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd ."]
["fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ attribute instance is changed .", "fire istorage segment changed when an i _ shipment _ attribute instance is changed .", "shipment istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ attribute instance is changed .", "fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ shipment instance is changed .", "fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ shipment schedule instance is changed ."]
["calling this method resolves the holiday calendar , returning a function that can convert a schedule period to an fx reset .", "calling this method resolves the holiday calendar , returning a function that can convert a schedule period to an bi fx reset .", "calling this method resolves the holiday calendar , returning a function that can convert a schedule period to an optional fx reset .", "calling this method resolves the optional calendar , returning a function that can convert a schedule period to an fx reset .", "calling this method resolves the holiday calendar , returning a optional that can convert a schedule period to an fx reset ."]
["is called when an agent doesn ' t select an action .", "is called when an agent doesn an action .", "is called when a doesn ' t select an action .", "is called when an agent doesn .", "is called when an agent doesn ' t select a ."]
["returns a non - empty array of module module in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of module descriptors in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of module resolution in the run - time image .", "returns a non - empty array of resolution descriptors in the run - time image .", "returns a module array of module descriptors in the run - time image ."]
["creates a stackdriver stats .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter .", "returns a stackdriver stats exporter .", "creates an stackdriver stats exporter .", "creates the stackdriver stats exporter ."]
["setting this will open a partially synchronized realm .", "setting this will open a partially synchronized synchronization .", "setting this will open a partially synchronized full .", "setting this will open a partially full .", "this will open a partially synchronized full ."]
["get the java home property value for the given family _ type .", "get the java home property value for the given family .", "get the java home property value for the given os _ family .", "get the java home property value for the given os family .", "get the java home property value for the given os family type ."]
["exercise - - add - exports .", "exercise - - add - exports with unknown values .", "exercise - - add with unknown values .", "exercise - - add", "exercise - - exports with unknown ."]
["if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down ) this method will instead wait for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever .", "if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down this method will instead wait for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever .", "if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down ) this method will instead for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever .", "if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down ) this method will wait for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever .", "if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down ) will instead wait for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever ."]
["# # # precondition : existing user that is not locked .", "# # # existing user that is not locked .", "precondition : existing user that is not locked .", "# # # login : existing user that is not locked .", "# # # precondition ."]
["gets the modules information for given mpack .", "gets the module information for given mpack .", "gets the information for given mpack .", "gets the packlet information for given mpack .", "gets the modules for given mpack ."]
["returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name services configuration file .", "returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name a services configuration file ."]
["sets up the ejb client properties to use a selector which processes and sets up ejb receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - ejb - client . properties file", "sets up the ejb client context to use a selector which processes and sets up ejb receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - ejb - client . properties file", "sets up the ejb client properties to use a selector which processes and sets up ejb receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - ejb - client . properties file", "sets up the ejb client context to use a properties which processes and sets up ejb receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - ejb - client . properties file", "sets up the properties client context to use a selector which processes and sets up properties receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - properties - client . properties file"]
["create a time service by time service configuration .", "create a time service by time service time .", "create a time service by time service configuration service .", "create a time service by time service .", "create a time service by time service configuration service configuration ."]
["update a pending or active batch - processing request .", "update a pending batch - processing request .", "update a active batch - processing request .", "update active batch - processing request .", "update a pending batch - processing ."]
["creates headers definitions for open response .", "creates headers definitions for swagger response .", "creates headers definitions for open api response .", "creates headers definitions for response .", "creates headers definitions for %UNK% response ."]
["indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given id", "indicate to all associated become data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership become for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given become id"]
["returns a texture region based on the so called state time .", "returns a t based on the so called state time .", "returns a region based on the so called state time .", "returns a based on the so called state time .", "returns an t based on the so called state time ."]
["get get value of a key", "get get value of key", "get get value of a key .", "get get value", "get get value of"]
["initialize the target module ids with the passed application module id and the descriptors", "initialize the target module ids with the passed module id and the descriptors", "initialize the target module ids with the passed application module id and the descriptors .", "initialize the target module ids with the passed application", "initialize the target module ids with the passed module the descriptors"]
["string template : the template content map model : the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )", "template : the template content map model : the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )", "the template content map model : the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )", "the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )", "function template : the template content map model : the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )"]
["creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use whichever encryption method is requested within guacamole . properties .", "creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use encryption method is requested within guacamole properties .", "creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use whichever encryption method is requested within properties .", "creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use whichever encryption method is requested within guacamole . ldap .", "creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use encryption method is requested within guacamole"]
["removes all properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "removes all properties for the specified namespaced entity .", "removes all properties for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all properties for the specified namespaced id .", "removes all properties for the specified metadata id ."]
["note this method creates a connectable that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a hot connectable that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates an connectable stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .", "note this method creates a stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects ."]
["gets analytical analytics for the specified connection .", "gets analytical connection for the specified connection .", "gets analytical analytics engine for the specified connection .", "gets analytical status for the specified connection .", "gets analytical statistics for the specified analytics ."]
["if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new uid is generated and returned .", "if available , the value is returned , uid a new name is generated and returned .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a uid is generated and returned .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new uid and returned .", "if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new uid is generated and returned ."]
["same as # lock or register backup lock ( tx invocation object , long )", "same as # lock or register invocation lock ( tx invocation context , object , long )", "same as # lock or register backup lock ( invocation invocation context , object , long )", "same as # invocation or register backup invocation ( tx invocation context , object , long )", "same as # lock or invocation backup lock ( tx invocation context , object , long )"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for user and debugging ."]
["this method makes sure we are using the root type .", "this method makes sure we are using the root descriptor .", "this method makes sure we are using the root type descriptor .", "this method makes sure we are using the root persister .", "this method makes sure we are using the root ."]
["returns true if any posts in the passed list exist in this list", "returns true if any posts in the passed list exist in this list .", "returns true if any posts in the passed list exist in", "returns true if any posts in the passed list exist in this list is", "returns true if any posts in the passed list exist . in this list"]
["the timestamp for creation of the counterexample .", "the created for creation of the counterexample .", "the timestamp creation of .", "the timestamp for creation counterexample .", "the timestamp ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["returns true if the given type is a primitive type , false otherwise .", "returns true if the given type is a primitive type , false .", "returns true if the given type is a primitive type , false", "returns true if the given type is a , false otherwise .", "returns true if the given type is a primitive type otherwise ."]
["request type and options defaults to null .", "request type and options defaults .", "request type defaults to null .", "request type and options defaults to .", "type and options defaults to null ."]
["encodes a into 4 bytes in network byte order in the buffer supplied .", "encodes an integer into void bytes in network byte order in the buffer supplied .", "encodes an integer into %UNK% bytes in network byte order in the buffer supplied .", "encodes a 4 bytes in network byte order in the buffer supplied .", "encodes an integer into 4 bytes in network void order in the buffer supplied ."]
["returns an collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order ."]
["indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated %UNK% generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id .", "indicate to associated become generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated become to become masters for the given partition id"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database for a db , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter ."]
["create a new flat tree node from the given tree .", "create a flat tree node from the given tree .", "create a new tree node from the given tree .", "returns a new flat tree node from the given tree .", "create the new flat tree node from the given tree ."]
["sets the attack range that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the attack size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the attack that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the border border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot ."]
["requests killing of the running program .", "request killing of the running program .", "requests killing of the program .", "requests killing of the request program .", "requests of the running program ."]
["an override to the global evaluation timeout setting on the engine .", "an override to the evaluation timeout setting on the script engine .", "an override to the script evaluation timeout setting on the script engine .", "an override to the global script timeout setting on the script engine .", "an override to the global script evaluation timeout setting on the script engine ."]
["tests the given component model for a component executor model property and if present it returns the enclosed component executor factory .", "tests the given operation model for a component executor model property and if present it returns the enclosed operation executor factory .", "tests the given component model for a operation executor model property and if present it returns the enclosed operation executor factory .", "tests the given operation model for a operation executor model property and if present it returns the given component executor factory .", "tests the given operation model for an component executor model property and if present it returns the enclosed operation executor factory ."]
["create jar file with specified files from specified location .", "create file with specified files from specified location .", "create jar file files from specified .", "create jar file .", "create jar file with specified files from specified location ."]
["getter for the directory where the data files are stored .", "getter for the directory directory where the data files are stored .", "getter for the data files are stored .", "getter for the provided directory where the data files are stored .", "getter output directory where the ."]
["and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? ."]
["ensures that the parameters will overwrite the member values .", "ensures that the parameters will overwrite the values .", "that the parameters will overwrite the member values .", "ensures the parameters will overwrite the member values .", "ensures the parameters will the member values ."]
["return the liquibase serializable . serialization type to use when serializing this object .", "return the liquibase . liquibase serializable . serialization type to use when serializing this object .", "return the liquibase . serialization type to use when serializing this object .", "return the liquibase liquibase serializable . serialization type to use when serializing this object .", "return the serializable . serialization type to use when serializing this object ."]
["peeks id3 tag data ( if present ) at the beginning of the input .", "peeks id3 tag data at the beginning of the input .", "peeks id3 metadata data ( if present ) at the beginning of the input .", "peeks id3 tag data ( if present ) at the metadata of the input .", "parses id3 tag data ( if present ) at the beginning of the input ."]
["check to see if the variable should be considered for replacement , i . e .", "check to see if the local variable should be considered for , i . e .", "check to see if the local variable should be considered for replacement , . e .", "check to see if the local variable should be considered for replacement", "check to see if the local variable should be considered for replacement , e ."]
["creates nonce and its hash for use in open id connect authentication requests", "creates nonce and its hash for use in requests", "creates secure and its hash for use in open id connect authentication requests", "creates nonce and its hash for use in id connect authentication requests", "creates nonce and its hash for use in secure id connect authentication requests"]
["compute sum of squared difference of counts", "compute sum of difference of counts", "compute sum of squared difference", "sum of squared difference of counts", "compute sum of squared difference of counts ."]
["key import options # get import key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key get import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null ."]
["constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and bigtable table admin stub", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name table admin stub", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and table admin stub", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and table admin stub", "constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name"]
["make sure that no part is shared by several candidates .", "make sure that no part is shared by candidates .", "make sure that the part is shared by several candidates .", "make sure that a part is shared by several candidates .", "fixme make sure that no part is shared by several candidates ."]
["saves the bundle with the given name so it can be recalled later in the template", "saves the bundle files so it can be recalled later in the template", "saves the bundle with the given name it can be recalled later in the template", "saves the bundle it can be recalled later in the template", "saves the bundle so it can be recalled later in the template"]
["helper for # insert before ( long , value ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # insert before ( , value ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # insert before ( value ) that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # insert before that copies all items into a tree seq .", "helper for # insert before ( value , value ) that copies all items into a tree seq ."]
["non - sun jvms .", "this hack may fail on jvms .", "this hack may fail on sun jvms .", "this hack may fail on", "this hack may fail ."]
["sends a request to write a list of addresses .", "sends a request to write a list of entries .", "sends a request to all a list of addresses .", "sends a request to write a list of all .", "sends a entries to write a list of addresses ."]
["native linkable group .", "native linkable .", "native linkable group", "linkable group linkable .", "native group ."]
["convert a mongo iterable into an observable .", "convert a async mongo iterable into an observable .", "convert a mongo async iterable into an observable .", "convert a iterable into an observable .", "convert an async iterable into an observable ."]
["adds a new state description fragment for a channel that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string .", "adds a new state channel fragment for a channel that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string .", "adds a new state fragment for a channel that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string .", "adds a new state description for a description fragment that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string .", "adds a new state for a channel that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string ."]
["sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - array item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one array item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at one non - array item .", "sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one"]
["sets the vector collection used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation .", "sets the vector collection used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation .", "sets the vc collection factory used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation .", "sets the vector factory used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation .", "sets the vector collection vc used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation ."]
["produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with optional extras .", "produces an uncollapsed graph with optional extras .", "produces an uncollapsed semantic graph .", "produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with extras .", "produces a semantic graph with optional extras ."]
["a policy that delegates to another policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome .", "policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome .", "another policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome .", "delegates to another policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome .", "the policy that delegates to another policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome ."]
["returns an rx flowable that monitors changes to this realm list .", "returns an rx java2 that monitors changes to this realm list .", "returns an rx flowable that flowable changes to this realm list .", "returns an rx that monitors changes to this realm list .", "returns an flowable observable that monitors changes to this realm list ."]
["turns this future stream into a connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data", "turns this future stream into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data", "turns this future stream into an connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data", "turns this future stream into a connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data", "turns this connectable into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data"]
["performs actual mutation operation for the specified record in hbase .", "performs actual put operation for the specified mutation in hbase .", "performs mutation put operation for the specified record in hbase .", "performs actual put operation for the specified record in hbase column .", "mutation actual put operation for the specified record in hbase ."]
["returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and possibly empty ) set of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given set of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given of modifiers .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given .", "returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and empty ) set of modifiers ."]
["sets an integer attribute on the given element .", "sets an integer attribute .", "sets a attribute on the given element .", "sets an integer attribute on the given elem element .", "sets an integer attribute on the given attribute element ."]
["for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon elastic .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon ec2 .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the amazon route .", "for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the availability ."]
["reset all mocks .", "reset the mocks .", "reset all mocks .", "initializes all mocks .", "reset reset all mocks ."]
["test method .", "test method with serialize .", "test method with namespaces .", "test method with parse .", "test method with %UNK% ."]
["returns the k b template with the primary key or throws a no such template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b template with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase no such template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b template with the primary key liferay . knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b template with the primary key or throws knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b template with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found ."]
["the key import options is required and its fields options key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its key options # get name ( ) name and", "options is required and its fields import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields import key import options # get name ( ) name and"]
["this can also be used to set a custom ishape renderer aside from the default ones .", "this can also be used to set a custom shape renderer aside from the default ones .", "this can also be used to set a ishape shape renderer aside from the default ones .", "this can also be used to set a custom renderer aside from the default ones .", "this can also be used to ishape a custom shape renderer aside from the default ones ."]
["delivers the given event object to given observer methods .", "delivers the given event to given observer methods .", "delivers the given event object to given observer .", "delivers the given event observers to given observer methods .", "delivers the given event object to given observers methods ."]
["return response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code ( e . g .", "return response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code", "return response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code ( g .", "return response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code e", "returns response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code ( e . g ."]
["timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae", "timed invoke any throws iae", "timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae .", "timed test any ( empty collection ) throws iae", "timed random any ( empty collection ) throws iae"]
["the pllgain state affects the aggressiveness of the alpha / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier .", "the tracking pllgain affects the aggressiveness of the alpha / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier .", "the pllgain affects the aggressiveness of the alpha / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier .", "the tracking state affects the aggressiveness of the pllgain / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier .", "the state affects the aggressiveness of the alpha / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) ."]
["expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket errors etc .", "expected to be used by the poller to release resources on wrapper close , errors etc ."]
["atomically sets the lo int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "sets the lo int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the lo int lo value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "lo sets the lo int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .", "atomically sets the lo lo value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value ."]
["returns the value of the direction field .", "returns the value of the ygdirection field .", "returns the value of the bitfield direction .", "returns the value of the ndirection field .", "returns the value of the direction ."]
["gets the appearance of the appearance property .", "gets the appearance of the appearance property .", "gets the value of the appearance property .", "gets the appearance of the appearance property .", "gets the appearance type of the appearance type property ."]
["returns the option to allow queries to run across all partitions of the collection .", "gets the allow to allow queries to run across all partitions of the collection .", "gets allow queries to run across all partitions of the collection .", "returns all partitions of the collection .", "returns the partitions of the allow ."]
["throws illegal argument exception if the value is null .", "throws argument exception if the value is null .", "throws if the value is null .", "illegal argument exception if the value is null .", "throws ."]
["return repositories available for target os version on host based on repo version repository definition", "return repositories available for operating os version on host based on repo version repository definition", "return repositories available for target os version on host based on operating version repository definition", "return repositories available for list os version on host based on repo version repository definition", "return repositories available for target os version on operating based on repo version repository definition"]
["sets the text value of the ds : xpath element .", "sets the child value of the ds : xpath element .", "sets the value of the ds : xpath element .", "sets the node value of the ds : xpath element .", "sets the element value of the ds : xpath element ."]
["scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts api via ca - api does not evaluate trust", "scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service does not evaluate trust", "api : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service does not evaluate trust", "- ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service does not evaluate trust", "scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts iapi via ca - iapi does not evaluate trust"]
["get version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ vulkan compile _ into _ vulkan", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ get _ compile _ into _ vulkan compile _ into _ vulkan", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc into vulkan compile _ into _ vulkan", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc into vulkan _ into _ vulkan", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc into _ vulkan _ compile _ decoration _ into _ vulkan"]
["set the source .", "add the source .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the source ."]
["corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . . drf mojo model . score0 `"]
["get open id connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "id connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "otherwise get open id connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .", "returns the get open id connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options ."]
["kept for compatibility .", "kept for compatibility with script .", "kept for compatibility with field script .", "kept compatibility with .", "kept for compatibility"]
["returns the states .", "resets a states .", "resets states .", "resets the returns .", "add the states ."]
["ensure that the # type offsets array has enough space to store index .", "ensure that the type # offsets array has enough space to store index .", "ensure that the # type array has enough space to store index .", "ensure that the the type offsets array has enough space to store index .", "ensure that the # offsets array has enough space to store index ."]
["hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management", "for more information , see hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .", "security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .", "hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster guide", "modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide ."]
["moves the caret to the position indicated by position .", "moves the caret to the position indicated .", "moves the caret to the position indicated by pos .", "moves the caret to the position indicated by .", "moves the caret to the position indicated by position ."]
["get report option .", "get report selected .", "get report .", "get report option option .", "get report option ."]
["set subject alternative names with user principal names .", "create set alternative names with user principal names .", "create subject alternative names .", "create subject alternative names with user set names .", "returns subject alternative names with user principal names ."]
["get the variation of information ( not normalized , 0 = equal )", "get the variation of information 0 = equal )", "get the variation of information ( not normalized 0 = equal )", "get the variation of information normalized , 0", "get the variation of information ( not normalized , variation = equal )"]
["write a new file using the filename and read passed as parameter .", "write a new file using the filename and consumer passed as parameter .", "write a new file using the read and data passed as parameter .", "write a new file using the consumer and data passed as parameter .", "write a new file using the filename and output passed as parameter ."]
["generates a jar file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method .", "generates a file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method .", "generates a jar file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method .", "generate a jar file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method .", "generates a launcher file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method ."]
["the vars involved while matching the tree # node ( ) .", "the involved while matching the tree # node ( ) .", "the vars while matching the tree # node ( ) .", "the # node ( ) .", "the vars involved while matching the tree # vars ( ) ."]
["code snippet for block blob client # stage block from url ( string , url , blob range )", "code snippet for block blob client # stage block from url ( string blob range )", "code snippet for block blob client # stage block from url ( url , blob range )", "code snippet for block blob client # stage block from url ( string blob range )", "code snippet for block blob client # stage block url ( string , url , range )"]
["property runningasapp", "property sxrunningasapp", "property asapp", "runningasapp asapp", "sxrunningasapp asapp"]
["returns the hash string for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte [ ] for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .", "returns the hash byte ] for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module ."]
["if the - ea option is not set , an array index out of bounds exception may occur , but out of optimization considerations we don ' t want to guarantee this exception .", "if the - ea option is not set , an array index out of bounds exception may occur we don ' t want to guarantee this exception .", "array index out of bounds exception may occur , but out of optimization considerations we don ' t want to guarantee this exception .", "an array index out of bounds exception may occur , but out of optimization considerations we don ' t want to guarantee this exception .", "if the - ea option is not set , an array index out of bounds exception may occur we don ' t want to guarantee this exception ."]
["returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a rule that restricts access according to the roles of the current authenticated user .", "returns a roles that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns an rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a utils that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user ."]
["if the given string is null or does not have an integer , zero is returned .", "if the given is null or does not have an integer , zero is returned .", "if the given does not have an integer , zero is returned .", "if the given null or does not have an integer , zero is returned .", "if the given null or does not have an integer , zero is returned ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one or several user response of the read cosmos users .", "the user will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .", "the flux will contain one of the read cosmos users ."]
["closes the current output stream writer .", "closes the current output writer .", "closes the current snapshot output stream .", "closes the current output stream .", "closes the current snapshot output ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is parameter exception _ parameter ."]
["web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of actions should be associated with a web", "web page on a job - by - job basis thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .", "web page on a job - by - job basis values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page ."]
["issues m capture request configs to camera capture session .", "issues m capture request config to camera capture session .", "issues m capture configs configurations to camera capture session .", "issues m capture request configurations to camera capture session .", "issues m capture config configurations to camera capture session ."]
["changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .", "for more information , see note : changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .", "see note : changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .", "changes to dynamic parameters are applied .", "changes to parameters are applied immediately ."]
["sets the value for for r4 + resources , and places the value in an extension on with the url for dstu3 and below .", "sets the value for for r4 + resources , and places the value in a on with the url for dstu3 and below .", "sets the value for for r4 + resources , and places the value in an extension on with the url for dstu3 .", "sets the value for for r4 + version , and places the value in an extension on with the url for dstu3 and below .", "sets the value for for r4 + resources , and places the value in an extension on with the version for dstu3 and below ."]
["retires the api , removing it from the engine .", "retires a service , removing it from the engine .", "api the service , removing it from the engine .", "retires api service , removing it from the engine .", "retires the api api , removing it from the engine ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["creates an already compressed grouped list for storage .", "creates an already compressed compressed list for storage .", "creates an already compressed grouped list for compressed .", "creates an already compressed list for storage .", "creates a compressed grouped list for storage ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["find plain column .", "get find column .", "get plain column .", "get plain find .", "plain column ."]
["does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( release the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( ) release the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( output ) release the data buffers in the source ."]
["remove every generated files corresponding to a color .", "remove every files corresponding to a wiki .", "remove every generated color corresponding to a wiki .", "remove every generated files corresponding to an color .", "remove every color files corresponding to a wiki ."]
["immediately configure the default web socket upgrade filter .", "configure initialize the default web socket upgrade filter .", "initialize the default web socket upgrade filter .", "immediately configure the default web socket upgrade filter .", "immediately initialize the default web socket upgrade filter ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["obtains an instance of offset time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of offset time from a date object .", "obtains an instance of offset time from a given date - time object .", "obtains an instance of offset time from a temporal .", "obtains an instance of offset time from a date - time object , time ."]
["in the latter case , we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable .", "in the case , we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable .", "we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable .", "in the prefix case , we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable .", ", we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable ."]
["adds a task to the queue and makes sure a worker thread is running , unless the queue has been suspended .", "adds a task to the queue and makes sure a worker thread is running unless .", "adds a task to the queue sure a worker thread is running , unless .", "adds a task to the queue and makes sure a worker thread is running unless", "adds a task to the queue and makes sure a worker thread is running ."]
["re - loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .", "scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .", "re - loaded scripts need to have their - applied .", "loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints applied .", "re scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied ."]
["queries this contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact source .", "queries this contact source for the given query .", "queries this create contact contact for the given query string ."]
["opens a janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens an janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a graph database configured according to the provided configuration ."]
["convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception ."]
["have the application obtain and close the infinispan provider instance for the configured hazelcast library .", "have the application obtain and infinispan the caching provider instance for the configured hazelcast library .", "have the application obtain and close the caching provider instance for the configured infinispan library .", "have the application obtain and close the caching infinispan instance for the configured hazelcast library .", "have the application obtain and close the org provider instance for the configured hazelcast library ."]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["starts a program with the specified argument overrides .", "starts a program .", "starts a program with the specified program overrides .", "starts a program with the specified argument program .", "starts program with the specified argument overrides ."]
["if label = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if label filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if label filter , settings with any label are returned ."]
["if key filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc , def \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc , def \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned .", "if key key = \" abc , def \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc \" or \" def \" are returned ."]
["builds a stream cut , mapping the segments of a stream to their offsets from a position object .", "builds a stream cut , mapping the segments of a stream to their offsets from a position object .", "builds a stream cut , mapping the writer of a stream to their offsets from a position object .", "builds a stream cut , mapping the stream of a stream to their offsets from a position object .", "builds a stream cut , mapping the writer segments of a stream to their offsets from a position object ."]
["usage : ascii and space char are integers : 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth .", "usage : ascii and char are integers 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth .", "ascii and space char are integers : 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth .", ": ascii space char are integers : 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth .", ": ascii and space 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth ."]
["returns an immutable list containing ten elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing ten elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing ten elements .", "returns a list containing ten elements .", "returns an list containing ten elements ."]
["search if the given map has given the element format .", "search if the given map has given the element .", "search if the given map has given the format .", "search if the given map has given the package element .", "search if the given map has given the element format ."]
["test get value count", "test count", "get value count", "test get count", "test value count"]
["add the contact points to use for the initial connection to the cluster .", "sets the collection points to use for the initial connection to the cluster .", "sets the contact points to use for the initial connection to the cluster .", "sets the points to use for the initial connection to the cluster .", "sets the add points to use for the initial connection to the cluster ."]
["resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the first one which resolves to existing directory", "resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the first one which resolves to existing directory", "resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the first one which resolves to existing directory", "resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the one which resolves to existing directory", "resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the first one which resolves to existing"]
["create an arpeggiato inter .", "( try to ) create an arpeggiato inter .", "( try to ) create an arpeggiato inter valid .", "( try to ) create an arpeggiato inter valid added .", "( try to ) create an valid added arpeggiato inter ."]
["converts an int int hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts int open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts an open hash map into a flat [ ] array .", "converts open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .", "converts open hash map into a flat [ ] array ."]
["adds next ssrc group information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next source group information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc group information update request to request type # channel _ source _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc group information update request to request type # source _ info _ update query currently being built .", "adds next ssrc source information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built ."]
["inserts a shadow page .", "inserts an page as needed .", "inserts an shadow page as needed .", "inserts a page as needed .", "get a shadow page as needed ."]
["returns the descriptor corresponding to this type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .", "returns the descriptor to this java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .", "returns the value corresponding to this java type ."]
["loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given class loader .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given class .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given loader ."]
["returns an induced subgraph of network .", "returns an induced subgraph of graph .", "returns an induced subgraph of .", "returns an induced subgraph of network network .", "returns an induced subgraph of mutable ."]
["if there ' s no specific value in the component for that key , first attempt to return the key ' s global default .", "if there ' s no specific value in the component for that key , attempt to return the key ' s global default .", "if there ' s no specific value in the component for , first attempt to return the key s global default .", "if there ' s no specific unsafe value in the component for that key , first attempt to return the key ' s global default .", "if there ' s no specific value in the component for ' default , first attempt to return the key ' s global default ."]
["searches for a ballerina project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found .", "searches for a ballerina project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found .", "searches for an project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found .", "searches for a file project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found .", "searches for an ballerina project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found ."]
["tries to resolve a table path to a resolved table .", "tries to resolve a table path to a resolved table operation .", "tries to resolve a table path to a catalog table .", "tries to resolve a table path to a resolved table resolved .", "tries to resolve a table path to a resolved operation ."]
["in particular , this method just computes math . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway .", "in particular , this method just computes fast math . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway .", "in particular , this method just computes computes fast . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway .", "in particular , this method just computes fast . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway .", "in particular , this method just computes math fast . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway ."]
["get the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get a content of this element .", "gets the content of this element .", "get the content of the element ."]
["creates an ubqualifier from the given sequences and offsets .", "creates an ubqualifier from the given sequence and offsets .", "creates an ubqualifier from the given sequences and offsets .", "creates an ubqualifier from the given sequences and sequences .", "creates an ubqualifier from the given sequences and offsets ."]
["calls plugin # after declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # did after setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # after setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # after declare ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["attempts to get the underlying value backed by a value linked to the provided key .", "attempts to get the underlying value backed by a linked to the provided key .", "attempts to get the underlying value backed by a base value linked to the provided key .", "attempts to get the underlying value backed by value linked to the provided key .", "attempts to get the underlying value backed by a value linked to the provided key ."]
["returns the list of subtitles for the chart .", "returns the list of subtitles for the chart .", "returns the list of subtitles for the chart .", "gets the list of subtitles for the chart .", "returns the list of the subtitles for the chart ."]
["sets the sas ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the ip sas range which determines the ip sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the sas ip range which determines the sas ip ranges that are allowed to the sas the sas .", "sets the the sas range which determines the the sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets ip range which determines the the sas ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas ."]
["returns a offset date - time formed from this time at the specified date .", "returns a date - time formed from this time at the specified date .", "returns a offset - time formed from this time at the specified date .", "returns a zoned offset - time formed from this time at the specified date .", "returns an offset date - time formed from this time at the specified date ."]
["helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) pos to ( and including ) end pos into its string representation .", "helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) arr pos to ( and including ) end pos into its string representation .", "helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) pos to end pos into its string representation .", "helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) pos to end pos into its string representation .", "helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) internal pos to ( and including ) end pos into its string representation ."]
["enters the given tree ( se # scan ( tree ) .", "enters the given tree ( tree # scan ( jctree ) .", "enters the given tree ( se # scan ( tree ) .", "enters the given tree ( se # scan ( jctree ) .", "enters the given tree ( se # tree ( jctree ) ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , source ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , uri ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , url ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long ,"]
["the rsa key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key options options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["serialize the given twitter token stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "serialize the given token stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "serialize the given twitter token stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "serialize the given stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .", "serialize the given token token stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) ."]
["note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux buffer is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned data is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the flux mono is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned data buffer is subscribed to ."]
["getter for # exposed headers", "getter for # exposed", "getter for # only requested headers", "getter for # set headers", "getter for # exposed exposed headers"]
["get the snapshots for the given map id .", "get the snapshot reference for the given map id .", "get the snapshot for the given map id .", "get the root reference for the given snapshot id .", "get the snapshots reference for the given map id ."]
["ensures that the given node , or a versionable ancestor , is checked out .", "ensures that the given node , or a versionable ancestor , is checked out .", "ensures that the given node is checked out .", "ensures that the given node .", "ensures that the given node , is checked out ."]
["be auto - detected , for example when it has been manually configured .", "auto - detected , for example when it has been manually configured .", "this is useful when the default servlet cannot be auto - detected , for example when it has been manually .", "this is useful when the default servlet cannot be auto - detected , for example when it has been manually configured", "cannot be auto - detected , for example when it has been manually configured"]
["if the timeout elapses without a result , null will be returned .", "if the timeout elapses without a result .", "if the timeout elapses without a result", "if the timeout elapses without a res , null will be returned .", "if the timeout elapses without a result will be returned ."]
["tells if the value can be used as the \" el function \" parameter to # combine ( template model , template method model ) .", "tells if the value can be used as the \" el function \" parameter to # combine ( template model , template ex ) .", "tells if the value can be used as the \" el function \" parameter to # combine ( template model method model ex ) .", "tells if the value can be used as the \" el function \" parameter to # combine model template method model ex ) .", "tells if the value can be used as the \" el function \" parameter to # combine ( , template model ex ) ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["set the title .", "add the title .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the title ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , repository id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time r id = ? .", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository time id = ? ."]
["the caller must check for null return value .", "the caller must check for remove return value .", "the caller must check for security return value .", "the caller must check for empty return value .", "the caller must check for null returns value ."]
["( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to allow localhost ) .", "( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to allow localhost server environments ) .", "( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to allow localhost .", "( shiro ' s default host allows null ips to allow localhost and proxy server environments ) .", "( shiro ' s host allows null ips to allow localhost and proxy server environments ) ."]
["implements the \" in \" y .", "y the \" in \" operator .", "x the \" in \" operator .", "implements the \" in \" operator .", "implements the y in \" operator ."]
["sets the session manager session manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls .", "sets the native session manager session manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls .", "sets the session native manager session manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls .", "sets manager session manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls .", "sets manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls ."]
["split based on given reg ex .", "recursively split based on given reg ex .", "recursively split based on given ex .", "recursively split based on given", "split split based on given reg ex ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each planar across all bands in the planar image ."]
["the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each char sequence in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the char sequence .", "the comparison is based on the char sequence value of each character in the strings .", "unicode value of each character in the strings ."]
["releases the compilation options .", "releases the compilation destroy .", "releases the destroy options .", "releases the options .", "destroy the compilation options ."]
["this accepts locators starting with ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' .", "this accepts locator starting with ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' .", "this accepts resource starting with ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' .", "the accepts locators starting with ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' .", "this accepts locators starting with ' ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' ."]
["this test will create object _ num of objects in an corfu table .", "this test will create object _ num of objects in an smrmap .", "this test will create object _ num of objects in an corfu .", "this test will create object _ num of objects in an table table .", "this test will create object _ num of objects in a corfu table ."]
["copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg , hll _ 8 , on the heap .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt k , hll _ 8 , on the heap .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , hll 8 , on the heap .", "or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , hll _ 8 , on the heap .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , _ 8 , on the heap ."]
["sets the field name .", "sets the field .", "sets the name .", "sets the filed field .", "sets the filed name ."]
["this method loads the image from the blender file itself .", "loads the image from the blender file itself .", "the image from the blender file itself .", "this method returns the image from the blender file itself .", "an loads the image from the blender file itself ."]
["remove select events , do so via # remove event ( core event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # remove event ( event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # core event ( base event ) .", "remove select events , do so via event ( base event ) .", "remove select events , do so via # remove event ( core event ) ."]
["writes an embedded resource to a temp file .", "writes an embedded resource to a file .", "writes a resource to a temp file .", "writes an file resource to a temp file .", "writes an embedded resource to a file file ."]
["setter for # allow headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # allow headers", "setter for # expose allow", "setter for # allow headers ."]
["deletes all blob files associated with this blob name .", "deletes all blob files associated with this blob .", "deletes all blob files associated with this name .", "deletes all blob files associated with this core name .", "deletes all blob files associated with blob name ."]
["request password reset # # # functional description : request an email with a request token for a certain user to reset his / her password .", "password reset # # # functional description : an email with a token for a certain user to reset his / her password .", "functional description : request an email with a request token for a certain user to reset his / her password .", "# functional description : request an email with a request token for a certain user to reset his / her password .", "# # functional description : request an email with a request token for a certain user to reset his / her password ."]
["setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media null ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set source sources ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set null sources ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set source sources ( source source . . . ) ."]
["returns a session result for session to get notification back .", "returns a result for session to get notification back .", "returns an session result for session to get notification back .", "returns a session result for session to session notification back .", "returns a controller result for session to get notification back ."]
["the conversion extracts and combines the local date and local time .", "the conversion returns and combines the local date and local time .", "the conversion extracts and combines the local local time .", "the conversion and combines the local date and local time .", "the conversion extracts and combines the local date time ."]
["determine the executor service used to channels connections .", "determine the executor service used to channels .", "determine the executor service used to close channels .", "determine the executor service used to get connections .", "determine the channels service used to close connections ."]
["process the potential key signature of the assigned staff .", "process the potential key signature .", "process the key signature of the assigned staff .", "the potential key signature of the assigned staff .", "public the potential key signature of the assigned staff ."]
["reads the module platform attribute", "reads the target attribute", "reads the module target attribute", "reads the target module platform attribute", "reads the values platform attribute"]
["convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( callable model boolean , string ) ."]
["generates the jaxp . properties with the specified content .", "generates the properties with the specified content .", "generates the . properties with the specified content .", "generates the jaxp . properties with the specified", "generates the file . properties with the specified content ."]
["invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , int , long )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream ,", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , )", "invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream ,"]
["the returned instance will profiles # matches ( active profiles ) matches if any one of the given profile strings match .", "the returned instance will profiles # matches ( profiles ) matches if any one of the given profile strings match .", "the returned instance will profiles # matches matches if any one of the given profile strings match .", "the returned instance will profiles # matches ( profiles profiles ) matches if any one of the given profile strings match .", "the returned instance will profiles # matches ( profiles ) matches if any one of the given profile"]
["is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of sequence ?", "is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of sequence ?", "is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of ?", "is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of equal ?", "is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of"]
["note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block .", "get : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", ": returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct formatter"]
["record an event for a container or test that started .", "record an execution event for a container or test that started .", "record event for a container or test that started .", "record event for a container or test that started .", "record execution event for a container or test that started ."]
["test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with an file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test %UNK% module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with a jar file containing a . class and in the top level directory ."]
["this implementation opens a file input stream for the underlying file .", "this implementation opens a input stream for the underlying .", "this implementation opens input stream for the underlying file .", "this implementation opens an file input stream for the underlying file .", "this implementation opens file input stream for the underlying file ."]
["code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range , download options retry ,", "code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range , download options ,", "code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range , options ,", "code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range ,", "code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range , download options retry retry ,"]
["generates a file name for the call based on the current date .", "generates a name for the call based on the current date .", "generates a file name for the call based on the current filename .", "generates a filename name for the call based on the current date .", "generates a file name for the call based on the current call ."]
["retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between start time and end millis time .", "retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between start time and end time millis .", "retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between start millis time and end time .", "retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between end millis time and end time .", "retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between start time millis and end time ."]
["returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector attribute conditions .", "returns whether specified svgelement fits this svg selector attribute conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this selector attribute conditions .", "returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this", "returns whether this svg selector attribute conditions ."]
["can we use", "we should", "should use", "we .", "is use"]
["returns the available element views .", "returns the available element view .", "returns the available element .", "returns the edit element views .", "returns the edit element view ."]
["initialize level value of root .", "initialize level value of root .", "initialize level of root as 0 .", "initialize level value of root .", "initialize level value ."]
["note that even fetch config # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched .", "note that even config # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched .", "note that even prefetch fetch # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched .", "note that even prefetch config # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched .", "note that even fetch # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched ."]
["reads a collection of values from an input stream .", "reads a collection of values .", "reads a values from an input stream .", "reads a collection of the values from an input stream .", "reads the collection of values from an input stream ."]
["return a string to be appended to the row data .", "return a json object to be appended to the row data .", "return a json string to be appended to the row data .", "return an string to be appended to the row data .", "return a object to be appended to the row data ."]
["verify that at most max entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most add entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most context entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most entries per session can be put in the cache", "verify that at most page entries per session can be put in the cache"]
["returns a year month with the specified proleptic - month .", "returns a year month with the specified - month .", "returns a year month with the specified proleptic .", "returns a year month with the specified proleptic - month .", "returns a year month with the specified temporal - month ."]
["the memory that was allocated with # allocate memory .", "free the memory that was allocated with # memory .", "free the memory that was allocated with allocate memory .", "free that was allocated with # allocate memory .", "bytes the memory that was allocated with # allocate memory ."]
["the timestamp for the recent update to the dialog node .", "the timestamp for the most recent update to the dialog node .", "the timestamp most recent update to the dialog node .", "the timestamp for the most update to the dialog node .", "the most recent update to the dialog node ."]
["return . . svc . local", "return . . svc .", "return . . svc . svc . local", "return . . svc . local", "return . . svc"]
["allows user customization for the oauth2 token validator", "allows user customization for the", "allows user customization for the oauth2 token validator .", "allows user customization for the validator", "allows user customization for the validator"]
["returns a receive port that can provide at most count messages from channel .", "returns a take receive port that can provide at most count messages from channel .", "returns a receive port impl that can provide at most count messages from channel .", "returns a receive port that can provide at most count messages from channel .", "returns a receive port that can provide at most count messages from channel ."]
["key in shared preferences which stores whether the passed permission has been asked for", "asked key in shared preferences which stores whether the passed permission has been asked for", "key in shared asked which stores whether the passed permission has been asked for", "key in shared preferences which stores whether the passed permission has been asked for asked", "key in shared preferences which stores whether the passed asked permission has been asked for"]
["code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with response ( http headers httpheaders , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )", "code snippets ( http headers async client # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with response , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with response ( blob headers , blob access conditions )"]
["i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "get . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .", "i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of series ."]
["is a value with this type less than the length of any of the sequences ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of any of the sequence ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of any of the sequences ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of any of the sequences ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of any of the sequence ?"]
["set the output dir for the test set files .", "set the output for the test set files .", "set the dir for the test set files .", "set the dir dir for the test set files .", "set the for the test output dir files ."]
["obtains all registered repeating camera capture callback callbacks .", "obtains all registered camera capture callback callbacks .", "obtains all repeating camera capture callback callbacks .", "obtains all registered repeating capture callback callbacks .", "obtains all registered capture callback callbacks ."]
["set resource of the trigger .", "set type of the resource .", "set type of the resource .", "set resource .", "set properties of the trigger ."]
["in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in uris all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in case all entries are uris , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no uris is found ."]
["the option is a : type .", "the option is a type .", "the option a : type .", "option is a : type .", "the option is the : type ."]
["this is provided for the event kind : - vmupdate", "this is provided for the event vm : - vmupdate", "for the event kind : - vmupdate", "this is provided for the vm kind : - vmupdate", "this is provided for the event kind : - vmupdate ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["all of the types returned are immutable .", "all of a types returned are immutable .", "all of the client returned are immutable .", "all of the types returned are not immutable .", "the of the types returned are immutable ."]
["base function instances , calling builtin function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "builtin function instances , calling builtin function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "base function instances , calling base function # builtin ( skylark signature ) .", "base function instances , function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "base function instances , calling builtin annotation function # configure ( skylark signature ) ."]
["registers view listeners .", "registers view .", "view and notifies listeners .", "registers and notifies listeners .", "registers notifies listeners ."]
["sentry robots cannot move outside this border or do any harm to other robots outside this border .", "border robots cannot move outside this border or do any harm to other robots outside this border .", "robot robots cannot move outside this border or do any harm to other robots outside this border .", "sentry robots cannot border outside this border or do any harm to other robots outside this border .", "sentry robots cannot move outside this robot or do any harm to other robots outside this robot ."]
["it is not recommended to expand large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand expand trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand root trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to root large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand large root this way since that might cause huge interface lags ."]
["see basic interceptor for details .", "basic authorization interceptor for details .", "see authorization interceptor for details .", "see basic authorization interceptor .", "see basic authentication for details ."]
["modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as \" author \" ) besides the \" field \" or \" groups ' field .", "modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as \" author \" ) besides the \" keywords \" or \" field ' field .", "modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as \" author \" ) besides the \" field field ' field .", "modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as \" author \" ) besides the \" field ' field .", "modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as \" author \" ) besides the \" field or \" groups ' field ."]
["the key import options is required and its fields options key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its key options # get name ( ) name and", "options is required and its fields import options # get name ( ) name and", "import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and", "the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and"]
["date - a plain date object representing plain log record # get format event time of the log record .", "date - a plain date object representing plain log record # get event time of the log record .", "date - a plain date object representing plain log record # get time event time of the log record .", "date - a plain date object representing plain log record # format event time of the log record .", "date - a plain date object representing plain log record # time of the log record ."]
["orchestrates the creation of a terminal pane .", "orchestrates the creation of a terminal , then connects to it .", "orchestrates the creation of a pane , then connects to it .", "orchestrates the creation of a session pane , then connects to it .", "orchestrates the creation , then connects to it ."]
["this method will just return the property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "this method will just return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "method will just return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "this method will just return the property accessor instance if it is unable to build more optimal .", "this method will just return this reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal ."]
["if the key already exists , the sensitivity parameter will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the amount value will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the parameter will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the sensitivity will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the amount will be merged ."]
["parses longitude out of a given string .", "parses longitude out of a given longitude .", "parses longitude out of the given string .", "parses longitude out of an given string .", "parses longitude out of an string ."]
["config that controls it .", "pod config that controls it .", "deployment that controls it .", "deployment config that controls it .", "deployment config ."]
["the option will be converted to a", "the option will be converted to a public", "the option will be converted to any", "the option will be converted to the", "the option will be converted to"]
["return the transfer data of type data flavor from input stream", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from", "return the transfer data of type data flavor from input stream ."]
["returns all resources resources indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )", "returns all natives indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )", "returns all resources indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )", "returns all resources indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )", "returns all jar resources indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )"]
["locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "returns a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "locates a packaged module , returning .", "locates a directory or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to ."]
["adds an entry for the given node to the stack trace .", "adds an entry for the given astnode to the stack trace .", "adds an entry for the given to the stack trace .", "adds an entry for the node to the stack trace .", "adds an entry for the stack trace ."]
["tests the specifying heap job manager memory with config default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying job manager heap memory with config default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with job manager config default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with job manager default value for job manager and task manager .", "tests the specifying heap memory with job default value for job manager and task manager ."]
["ensure that the api still exists .", "ensure that the still exists .", "ensure that the api still exists .", "ensure that the api exists .", "ensure that the service still api ."]
["sets the available sitemap site selector options .", "sets the site sitemap site selector options .", "sets the sitemap available site selector options .", "sets the available sitemap selector options .", "sets the sitemap site selector options ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create an instance of eingabegruppe", "create of jaxbelement"]
["it retries downloading # max fetch retry times and throws an exception .", "it retries downloading # max fetch retry times .", "it retries downloading # fetch retry times and throws an exception .", "it retries downloading # max fetch retry and throws an exception .", "it retries downloading # max fetch times and throws an exception ."]
["returns the list of byte fragment - fragments on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments .", "returns the list of byte fragment at - fragments on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments .", "returns the list of byte fragment at on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments .", "returns the list of byte offset - fragments on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments .", "returns the list of byte fragment at offset - fragments on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details ."]
["returns a texture region based on the so called state time .", "returns a t based on the so called state time .", "returns a region based on the so called state time .", "returns a based on the so called state time .", "returns an t based on the so called state time ."]
["redshift returns all parameter groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "parameter groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all parameter groups that match any combination of the specified keys values .", "all parameter groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values ."]
["users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # show _ token _ to _ admins .", "users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # token _ to _ admins .", "users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # show _ deprecated _ to _ admins .", "users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # show _ to _ admins .", "users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # deprecated _ token _ to _ admins ."]
["closes the window , i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes , i . e . , if parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method", "closes the e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method"]
["get the content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "get the language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "get the file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .", "content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource ."]
["returns the table table for specified device .", "returns the flow table .", "gets the flow table for specified device .", "returns the flow table for specified device .", "returns the table for specified device ."]
["triggers the failure strategy .", "triggers a failure strategy with a given failure message .", "triggers the fail strategy with the given fail message .", "fail the failure strategy with the given failure message .", "triggers a strategy with the given failure message ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where first = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company = ?"]
["builds an intent for stopping all resume .", "builds an intent for resume all downloads .", "builds an intent for stopping all downloads .", "builds an intent .", "builds intent for stopping all a resume ."]
["highlights the value at the given x - value in the given data set .", "highlights the value at the given x .", "highlights the value x - value in the given .", "highlights the value at the given .", "highlights the value at the given x in the given data set ."]
["this is the largest positive power of b that equal to or less than the given n .", "this is the largest positive power of b that equal to or less than the given x .", "this is the largest positive power of b that equal to less than the given n .", "this is the largest positive power of b that x to or less than the given n .", "this is the largest x power of b that equal to or less than the given n ."]
["free all connections from the pool .", "close and free all connections from the pool .", "close all connections from the pool .", "close and free all connections .", "close and free all connections from the pool ."]
["returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' list of elong ' .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' elong of eint ' .", "returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' list of ' .", "returns the elong of interpreting the object as an instance of ' list of eint ' .", "returns the result of elong the object as an instance of ' list of eint ' ."]
["creates new week .", "creates new week in the object timezone .", "returns new week in the utc timezone .", "creates new timezone in utc in the utc timezone .", "creates new given week in the utc timezone ."]
["whether we skip the first parameter to be included as a label in the signature .", "whether we allow the skip parameter to be included as a label in the signature .", "whether we allow the parameter to be included as a label in the signature .", "whether we allow the first parameter to be included as a label in the signature .", "whether we skip the first parameter to be included as a label in the signature ."]
["the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of library player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of prepare player2 # play ( ) .", "the playback of the library content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) ."]
["gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificate certificates map map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificates map map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificate certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificate map ."]
["create an array of property sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .", "create an array of bean property sql parameter source objects populated data from the values passed in ."]
["extract the values of given fields / properties from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of", "extract the values of given list / properties from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of", "extract the values of given fields from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of", "extract the list of given fields / properties from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of", "extract the values of given fields / list from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of"]
["for simplicity , all sensors are synchronized on metric .", "for simplicity , all lock are synchronized on sensor .", "for simplicity , all sensors are metric on sensor .", "for metric , all sensors are synchronized on sensor .", "all sensors are synchronized on sensor ."]
["deletes the specified key .", "returns the specified key .", "executes the specified key .", "creates the specified key .", "deletes the specified key ."]
["skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring esc initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given esc is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' .", "skip until the given string is matched in the stream , if ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \\ ' ."]
["writes this coord4 d ' s data to a packet buffer for packet transfer .", "writes this coord4 d ' s data to an packet buffer for packet transfer .", "writes this coord4 d ' s data to a packet for packet transfer .", "writes this coord4 d ' s data to packet buffer for packet transfer .", "writes this coord4 d ' s data to a byte buf for packet transfer ."]
["method that returns delete batch method", "method that returns delete method", "method that returns delete method method", "method that returns delete json method", "method that returns batch json method"]
["by default this is set to writers configurer with defaults .", "by default this is set to writers codec configurer with defaults .", "by default this is set to codec writers with defaults .", "by default this is set to writers with defaults .", "by default this is set to codec configurer with defaults ."]
["use another separate queue to store levels as integers .", "use another separate queue to vertical levels as integers .", "use another separate queue to col levels as integers .", "use another queue to store levels as integers .", "use another separate col to store levels as integers ."]
["returns the setting names that aren ' t configuration - only .", "returns the valid setting names - only .", "returns aren ' t configuration - only .", "returns the names that aren ' t configuration - only .", "returns the names setting names that aren ' t configuration - only ."]
["create producer based on uri endpoint", "create producer based on uri action", "create producer based on action endpoint", "create producer based on uri soroush", "create producer based on uri endpoint ."]
["the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at least one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at %UNK% one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at stop one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at running one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this create for the given query string .", "queries this search create for the given query string ."]
["create a list of klusters from whatever type is passed in as the prior", "create a list of klusters from whatever type is passed in as the prior .", "create a list of klusters from whatever cluster is passed in as the prior", "create a list of klusters from %UNK% type is passed in as the prior", "create a list of klusters from configure type is passed in as the prior"]
["the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a .", "the only other valid location for ' ' is inside an literal .", "inside a string literal ."]
["new attribute statement .", "given attribute statement .", "attribute statement .", "new attribute statement .", "new statement ."]
["the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be etd type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # type ( ) product type must be product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown ."]
["collapses given row .", "collapses given item , removing all its subtrees .", "collapses given collapse , removing all its subtrees .", "collapses given row .", "collapses given removing all its subtrees ."]
["verifies that put ( key ) method called on cache in full _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for this key finished writing binary metadata .", "verifies that put ( affinity key ) method called on cache in full _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for this key finished writing binary metadata .", "verifies that put ( key ) method called on cache in _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for this key finished writing binary metadata .", "verifies that put ( key ) method called on cache in full _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for finished writing binary metadata .", "verifies that put ( affinity ) method called on cache in full _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for this key finished writing binary metadata ."]
["deletes all responses given .", "deletes the responses given by a team .", "deletes all responses given by a team .", "updates all responses given by a team .", "deletes all responses given by the team ."]
["an empty query indicates that the app may prepare any music .", "an empty query indicates that the prepare may prefetch any music .", "an empty query indicates that the app may prefetch any music .", "an empty query indicates that the app may library any music .", "an empty query indicates that the app may prefetch any prepare ."]
["to be executed by monitor process to ask for child process termination", "to be executed by monitor process to ask for hard child process termination", "to be executed by hard process to ask for child process termination", "to be executed by monitor process to ask by hard child process termination", "to be executed by monitor process to ask for hard process termination"]
["returns the consolescript .", "returns the consolescript consolescript .", "returns the param .", "returns the script consolescript .", "returns consolescript ."]
["this function acts as system . copy ( ) but for byte buffers .", "this function acts as system . copy bytes ( ) but for byte buffers .", "this function acts as . array copy ( ) but for byte buffers .", "this function acts as . array copy bytes ( ) but for byte buffers .", "this function acts as system . copy ( ) but for byte buffers"]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details ."]
["returns an immutable list of the unknown on this message in tag order .", "returns an immutable list of the fields on this message in tag order .", "returns an immutable list of the extensions on this message in unknown order .", "returns an immutable list of the extensions on this message in fields order .", "returns an immutable list of the unknown on this message in tag order ."]
["cleans the triggers in this schema .", "cleans the views in this triggers .", "cleans the views in this schema .", "cleans the views .", "cleans the trigger in this schema ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos flux will error ."]
["this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given", "this method will retrieve one source entry resource based on the source for the given", "this method will retrieve one entry resource based on the for the given", "this method will retrieve external source entry resource based on the external source for the given", "this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given key"]
["assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string , using the preferred date format described in rfc 7231 .", "assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string .", "assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string in rfc 7231 .", "assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string", "assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string described in rfc 7231 ."]
["group : map", "group : %UNK%", "group : producer", "group : headers", "map : producer"]
["tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .", "tests assert that can not be deleted after lock setting .", "tests assert that the http can not be deleted after lock the http .", "tests assert that the setting with response can not be deleted after lock the setting with response .", "tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after tests with response the setting ."]
["adds a packet metadata .", "adds a control metadata .", "adds a control packet .", "adds a metadata .", "adds a pi metadata ."]
["group : common", "group : common advanced", "group", ": common", "group : %UNK%"]
["map field name to the new name .", "map field name .", "field name to the new name .", "map field name to the name .", "map field name to the ."]
["returns whether this step concerns to the given region", "returns whether this step concerns to the given region", "returns whether this concerns deploys to the given region", "returns whether this concerns to the given region", "returns whether this step concerns concerns to the given region"]
["returns new child style id .", "returns new child style id container .", "returns new child style id child .", "returns child style id container .", "returns given child style id container ."]
["tests resiliency when d2 device is suspended .", "resiliency resilency when d2 device is suspended .", "tests when d2 device is suspended .", "tests resilency when resiliency device is suspended .", "tests resilency when d2 device is suspended ."]
["creates a fresh root authentication session for the given realm and client .", "creates a root authentication session for the given realm and client .", "creates a fresh fresh root session for the given realm and client .", "creates a authentication root authentication session for the given realm and client .", "creates a authentication session for the given realm and client ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local date .", "this factory converts the date - time object to an instance of local date .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of .", "this temporal converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local date .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of ."]
["setter for # allow headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # allow headers", "setter for # expose allow", "setter for # allow headers ."]
["unsubscribe for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( string , bundle ) .", "unsubscribe for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( bundle ) .", "for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( string , bundle ) .", "unsubscribe for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( listenable , bundle ) .", "unsubscribe for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( parent , bundle ) ."]
["return selection of the selected option in the option group", "return value of the selected selection in the option group", "return value of the in the option group", "return value of the selected list in the option group", "return value of the selected option in the option group"]
["called when this minion dies ( destroy and notify )", "called when this minion dies ( destroy )", "called when this minion dies ( destroy notify notify )", "called when this minion dies ( notify and notify )", "called when this minion dies ( destroy and )"]
["gets the extension of a file name .", "gets the extension of a file .", "gets the extension of a name name .", "gets the extension of an file name .", "gets the extension of file name ."]
["registers the given manager with this reaper ;", "registers the given time manager with this reaper ;", "returns the given connection manager with this reaper ;", "registers the given time with this reaper ;", "registers the given connection manager ;"]
["annotate for coreference ( statistical )", "annotate for coreference", "annotate for coreference )", "annotate for coreference ( annotator )", "annotate for coreference ( properties )"]
["test queries to direct table including selection args", "test queries to content table including selection args", "test queries to notes table including direct", "test queries to table including selection direct", "test queries to notes table"]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the user will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained users ."]
["checks if the predicates are successful for the specified item .", "checks if the match are successful for the specified item .", "checks if the item are successful for the specified item .", "checks if the predicates are successful for the specified .", "checks if the predicates are successful for the specified match ."]
["call this once , to enable or disable debug logs .", "call this once , to enable debug logs .", "call this once , to enable the or disable debug logs .", "call this once , to enable or disable debug logs and disable .", "call this once , to enable or disable debug logs or deprecated ."]
["generates code sample for using configuration client # add configuration setting ( string , string , string )", "generates code sample for using configuration client # add add configuration ( string , string , string )", "generates code sample for using configuration client # setting ( string , string , string )", "generates code sample for using configuration client # add configuration setting ( string )", "generates code sample for using configuration client # add setting ( string , string , string )"]
["converts amf value to something human - readable .", "converts amf value to something - readable .", "converts amf value to something human .", "converts amf value to string human - readable .", "returns amf value to something human - readable ."]
["the first check runs only if extractor parameters # get extract independently ( ) is false .", "the first check runs only if parameters # get extract independently ( ) is false .", "the first check runs only if extractor parameters # get independently ( ) is false .", "the first check runs only if extractor parameters # get extract independently is false .", "the first check runs only if uri parameters # get extract independently ( ) is false ."]
["any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the indexed or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent of other"]
["initializes this permission set with the current permissions and the permissions to whom the permissions in this set are granted .", "initializes this permission set with the current entity and the entity to whom the permissions in this set are granted .", "initializes this permission set with the current permissions and the user to whom the permissions in this set are granted .", "initializes this permission set with the current the user to whom the permissions in this set are granted .", "initializes this permission set with the current user and the permissions to whom the permissions in this set are granted ."]
["return the http headers backing header related accessor methods .", "return the headers backing header related accessor methods .", "returns the http headers backing header related accessor methods .", "return the http headers backing header accessor methods .", "return the http headers backing related accessor methods ."]
["if above id is blank or not found , id will be placed last in the list .", "if above id is player or not found , id will be placed last in the list .", "if above id is blank or not found , id will be placed last in the player .", "if above id is player id or not found , id will be placed last in the list .", "if player id is blank or not found , id will be placed last in the list ."]
["inspect all measure voices for those that start in first slot and exhibit a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration .", "inspect all measure voices for those that start in first slot a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration .", "inspect the measure voices for those that start in first slot and exhibit a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration .", "inspect all list voices for those that start in first slot and exhibit a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration .", "find all measure voices for those that start in first slot and exhibit a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration ."]
["allows fluent conversion to another type via a function callback .", "allows fluent conversion to another type via a r callback .", "allows r conversion to another type via a function callback .", "r fluent conversion to another type via a function callback .", "allows fluent conversion to another type via an function callback ."]
["writes an entry to the unit .", "writes an unit to the cache .", "writes a unit to the cache .", "writes an entry to the cache .", "writes an entry to unit ."]
["the slug for the c api .", "the label .", "the", "the for the c api .", "the slug api ."]
["implements y . mult .", "implements x . mult .", "y operator . mult .", "implements operator . y .", "x operator . mult ."]
["returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( columns ) or in the screen xml .", "returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( mode ) or in the screen xml .", "returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( mode mode ) or in the screen xml .", "returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( columns mode ) or in the screen xml .", "returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( columns <INSERT_END> ) or in the screen xml ."]
["federated add store handler didn ' t set the adding user .", "federated add handler didn ' t set the adding user .", "federated add graph handler didn ' t set the adding user .", "federated add store didn ' t set the adding user .", "federated add graph handler didn ' t set the adding user ."]
["this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open a new session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open a one session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open a new one session", "this will open a new one session before"]
["this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on predictions updated ( ) which is idempotent .", "this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on apps updated ( ) which is idempotent .", "this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on updated ( ) which is idempotent .", "this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on predictions updated ( ) which is idempotent .", "this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on predictions updated ( ) which is idempotent ."]
["returns a new partitioner . on virtual node based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual node based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on node nodes based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual node based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual node on the partition key token ."]
["tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path context ) method for creating directories .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path options ) method for creating directories .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path context ) method for creating directories .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path ) method for creating directories .", "tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path test ) method for creating directories ."]
["or throws a no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a opensocial no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such oauth token exception if it could not be found", "or throws a no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a opensocial . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found ."]
["note that a mutable long isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an long .", "note that a isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an long .", "a mutable long isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an long .", "note that a mutable long isn ' t .", "note that a mutable value isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an long ."]
["parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )", "parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order", "parses the timestamp from the collection list returns them in reverse sorted order (", "parses the timestamp from the aliases list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )", "parses the timestamp and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )"]
["set the output .", "set the set .", "add the output .", "set the .", "returns the output ."]
["or throws a sync no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .", "or throws sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found ."]
["tests that when an etag configuration is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an configuration etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting configuration has the etag .", "tests that when an configuration <INSERT_END> is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag ."]
["negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a no origin .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a null no .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a no no origin .", "negative test , when a cors request no , with a null origin .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a origin ."]
["the set is a view of the keys in this object .", "the key returned set is a view of the keys in this object .", "the returned is a view of the keys in this object .", "the returned set is a of the keys in this object .", "constraints : the returned set is a view of the keys in this object ."]
["do nothing if options configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base options # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # options is set to true .", "do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .", "do nothing if no configuration # nocomment is set to true ."]
["attaches an application created from a swagger description document available at a given uri .", "attaches an application created from a wadl description document available at a given uri .", "attaches an application created from a swagger document available at a given uri .", "attaches an application created from an swagger description document available at a given uri .", "attaches an application created from a description document available at a given uri ."]
["parses basic1 dmatrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses basic1 dmatrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses basic1 dmatrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses basic1 dmatrix from the given matrix market stream .", "parses basic1 dmatrix from the given input stream market string ."]
["tests that require additional polyglot global symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation .", "tests that require additional context engine global symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation .", "tests that require additional context global symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation .", "tests that require additional polyglot engine symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation .", "tests that require additional polyglot context global symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation ."]
["this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "important parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter ."]
["we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in limiter releasing this .", "we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in releasing callback .", "we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in this releasing callback .", "we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in limiter releasing this method .", "we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in"]
["set the server bindings", "set the the server bindings", "set the bindings", "set server bindings", "set a server bindings"]
["generates the jaxp . properties with the specified content .", "generates the properties with the specified content .", "generates the . properties with the specified content .", "generates the jaxp . properties with the specified", "generates the file . properties with the specified content ."]
["sets the element option bar .", "sets the option bar .", "updates the element option bar .", "sets the element bar .", "the element option bar ."]
["aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given sources have been fulfilled .", "given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of @ literal sources have been fulfilled ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified rate name ."]
["creates a \" delta copy \" of this map , where only the differences are represented .", "creates a \" copy clone \" of this map , where only the differences are represented .", "creates a clone \" of this map , where only the differences are represented .", "creates a \" delta \" of this map , where only the differences are represented .", "creates a \" delta copy \" of this map , where only the differences are represented ."]
["this will only consider it a match if the a new path segment ( following slash ) or the end of the path immediately follows segments .", "this will only consider it a match if the a new segment ( following slash ) or the end of the path immediately follows segments .", "this will only consider it a match if the a new segment ( following slash ) or the end of the path follows segments .", "this will only consider it a match if the a new path ( following slash ) or the end of the path immediately follows segments .", "this will only consider it a match if the a new segment ( following slash ) or the end of the path path immediately follows segments ."]
["so if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .", "sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations ."]
["returns true if the button ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the % ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the type ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the % type ' s text should be bold .", "returns true if the button ' s text should be % ."]
["see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock reader , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( reader state , iblock access , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state ( reader access , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock reader , iblock access , block pos )", "see block flower pot # get actual state state , iblock access , block pos )"]
["test method for com . hazelcast . config . config # get name ( ) .", "test method for com . hazelcast . config . group config # name ( ) .", "test method for com . hazelcast group config # get name ( ) .", "test method for com . hazelcast . group # get name ( )", "test method for com . hazelcast . group # get name ( )"]
["gets the concept of this drug order", "gets the dose units of this drug order", "gets the dose of this drug order", "gets the concept units of this drug order", "gets the of this drug order"]
["get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service manager hk2 service locator container ."]
["set is", "set is c .", "set is doc .", "set doc .", "set type payment payment"]
["implements y . percent .", "implements x . percent .", "implements operator . y .", "implements operator . x .", "x operator . percent ."]
["this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # offset reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class bound reader ( string ) signature reader ) ."]
["provide custom litho handler .", "provide custom handler .", "provide custom layout litho .", "provide litho layout handler .", "litho custom layout handler ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three ."]
["triggers a back trace sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics .", "triggers a trace sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics .", "triggers a back sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics .", "triggers a back pressure sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics .", "triggers a request trace sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics ."]
["the request context . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for user and debugging ."]
["generates a code sample for using share directory client # create subdirectory with response ( string ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # sub subdirectory with response ( string ,", "generates a code sample for using share client # create sub subdirectory with response ( string ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # create subdirectory directory with response ( string ,", "generates a code sample for using share directory client # create directory subdirectory response ( string ,"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for trust and debugging ."]
["sets new reference to partition sizes page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to sizes counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to partition counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .", "sets new reference to partition counters page .", "sets new reference to partition page ( logical cache sizes ) ."]
["final , because its called .", "final its called by a constructor .", "final .", "final , because its called by the constructor .", "final by a constructor ."]
["provided painter can be null in which case current painter will be uninstalled .", "provided painter can be null in which case current painter will be uninstalled .", "provided painter can be null current painter will be uninstalled .", "provided painter can be opaque in which case current painter will be uninstalled .", "provided painter can be painter in which case current painter will be uninstalled ."]
["convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception .", "return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one ."]
["see method for more info .", "equivalence method for more info .", "see returns method for more info .", "see equivalence method .", "see get method for more info ."]
["return a bucket that can be used to provide local storage under the given namespace .", "return a bucket that can be used to provide storage under the given namespace .", "return a bucket that can be used to provide local storage under the given persistent .", "return a bucket that can be used to provide persistent storage under the given namespace .", "return a bucket that can be used to provide local persistent under the given namespace ."]
["get instance manager .", "get instance .", "get service instance manager .", "get instance manager locator .", "get instance locator ."]
["caller should ensure dep running .", "caller should add dep not running .", "caller should ensure and not running .", "caller should ensure dep not running the .", "caller should ensure dep not ensure the ."]
["grant authorities mapper process .", "grant authorites authorities process .", "grant field mapper process .", "grant authorites field process .", "grant mapper process ."]
["returns the location of the directory from the configuration or the temporary directory if not defined .", "returns the location of the directory from the configuration the temporary directory if not defined .", "returns the location of the directory directory from the configuration or the temporary directory if not defined .", "returns the location of the output directory from the configuration .", "returns the location of the the temporary directory if not defined ."]
["returns the service name for the given method descriptor .", "returns the service method name for the given method descriptor .", "returns the java method name for the given service descriptor .", "returns the java service name for the given method descriptor .", "returns the name for the given method descriptor ."]
["set the disambiguation .", "add the disambiguation .", "returns the disambiguation .", "set the set .", "sets the disambiguation ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["indicates if the connection is available to handle new messages .", "indicates if the connection is to handle new messages .", "indicates if the connection is available new messages .", "indicates if the connection available to handle new messages .", "indicates if the connection is handle new messages ."]
["gets the stroke of the element , as a html rgb hex string ( e . g .", "gets the stroke colour of the element , as a html rgb hex string ( e . g .", "gets the as a html rgb hex string ( e . g .", "gets the border colour of the element , as a html rgb hex string ( e . g .", "gets the color colour of the element , as a html rgb hex string ( e . g ."]
["register an error channel in the given bean definition registry .", "register an error channel in the given", "register an error channel bean .", "register an error channel in the given definition registry .", "register a channel in the given bean definition registry ."]
["default bundle cache documentation for more details its configuration options .", "documentation for more details its configuration options .", "bundle cache documentation for more details its configuration options .", "default bundle cache documentation for more details configuration options .", "cache documentation for more details its configuration options ."]
["all features mode in your organization in the aws organizations user guide .", "all features - control mode in your organization in the aws organizations user guide .", "all features in your organization in the aws organizations user guide .", "all all your organization in the aws organizations user guide .", "all features organization in the aws organizations user guide ."]
["pull request closes pull request if rebase mode .", "close pull request closes pull request if rebase mode .", "close pull request closes pull request .", "close pull request closes pull request mode .", "closes pull request rebase mode ."]
["set sprache .", "set ergebnis .", "set plz .", "set zusammenfassung .", "set kommentar ."]
["indicates if an expression has the specified property .", "indicates if an expression has the specified compiler .", "indicates if a has the specified compiler property .", "indicates .", "indicates property ."]
["can be used to register a block state as a valid soil .", "can be used to block a iblock state as a valid soil .", "can be used to register an block state as a valid soil .", "can be used to register a state as a valid soil .", "can be used to register a iblock state as a valid soil ."]
["returns the pivot of a item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start .", "returns the pivot of a abstract on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start .", "returns the pivot of a abstract item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start .", "returns the pivot of a item item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start .", "returns the pivot of an abstract item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start ."]
["returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an sequences of an array length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an sequence length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an sequence of an array length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains access of an with an sequence length in arrays .", "returns a copy of this qualifier with sequences - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an sequences length in arrays ."]
["an empty sorted doc values which returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every document", "returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every document", "an empty sorted doc values which returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every document", "which returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every document", "an empty sorted doc values which returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every sorted"]
["logs a hash map in warning level .", "logs a map in warning level .", "logs a hash in warning level .", "logs a series point in warning level .", "logs a hash map point in warning level ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of commits as defined by commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits defined by ."]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 timeout millis + nanos .", "the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 millis + nanos .", "the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 timeout nanos .", "the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 timeout + nanos .", "the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 nanos millis + nanos ."]
["returns true if the button ' s text should be italic .", "returns true if the % ' s text should be italic .", "returns true if the type ' s text should be italic .", "returns true if the % type ' s text should be italic .", "returns true if the button ' s % should be italic ."]
["returns the reader .", "returns the log reader .", "returns the log .", "returns the reader reader .", "returns the log index ."]
["returns if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .", "returns name if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .", "returns true is a legal java .", "returns true if the is a legal java identifier .", "returns true if the given name is a legal java identifier ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where first = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?"]
["sets the builder generic responses .", "set the store generic responses .", "builder the store generic responses .", "sets the set generic responses .", "sets the store responses ."]
["adds a message to the console", "adds a message to the console without new line at the end", "adds a message to the console new line at", "adds a message to the console at the end", "adds a message to the console new line at"]
["this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the name name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the file name part of the filename after the last dot ."]
["method to add configs in expanded ( non - archive ) format", "method to add loose configs in expanded format", "method to add loose configs in ( non - archive ) format", "method to loose configs in expanded ( non - archive ) format", "method to add loose configs format"]
["get the edu . stanford . nlp . international . language object corresponding to the given language string .", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . international . language object corresponding to the given languages . language string .", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . languages . language object corresponding to the given language string .", "get the edu . stanford . nlp . international languages . . language object corresponding to the given language string .", "get the edu languages . . stanford . nlp . international . language object corresponding to the given language string ."]
["bind the module handler manager service - called from ds .", "bind the module manager callback service - called from ds .", "bind the module handler manager service - called from ds .", "bind the module handler manager service - called from ds .", "bind the service - called from ds ."]
["gets the package name from the name .", "gets the package name from the .", "gets the name from the canonical name .", "gets the package name .", "gets the package name from the canonical name ."]
["returns a builder for a query parameter value object .", "returns a builder for a query parameter value with given value .", "returns a builder for a parameter value object with given value .", "returns a builder for a query parameter value object given .", "returns a builder for a query parameter value object given ."]
["returns the j i r a action with the primary key or throws a no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a action with the primary key liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a action with the primary key or throws a socialcoding no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a action with the primary key or throws a socialcoding . no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a action with the primary key . socialcoding . no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for secret and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["returns the current state of the arguments as an array by parameter index .", "returns the current state of the parameters as an array by parameter index .", "returns the current state of the parameter as an array by parameter index .", "returns the current state of the map as an array by parameter index .", "returns the current state of the length as an array by parameter index ."]
["notify this session that sync completed / failed with given sync node pair .", "notify this session that sync completed / failed with given node pair .", "notify this session that sync completed / failed with given peer pair .", "notify this session that sync completed / failed with given sync sync node pair .", "notify this session that sync completed / failed with given coordinator pair ."]
["assign actions are tolerated .", "actions are tolerated .", "shared actions are tolerated .", "assign shared actions are tolerated .", "executes actions are tolerated ."]
["inet address list will be non - null and ioexception will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup .", "inet address list will be non - null and ioe will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup .", "inet address list will be non - null and ioe ioe will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup .", "inet address list will be non - null and ioexception ioe will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup .", "inet address list will be non - null and throwable will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup ."]
["this method calls # create record reader ( map , input stream , component log ) with attributes of the specified flow file .", "this method calls # create record reader ( map , stream , component log ) with attributes of the specified flow file .", "this method calls # create record reader ( map , input stream , component log ) with attributes of the specified flow flow file .", "this method calls # create record reader ( map , input stream , log ) with attributes of the specified flow file .", "this method calls # create record reader ( map stream , component log ) with attributes of the specified flow file ."]
["map method name to the new name .", "map method name .", "map method name to the name .", "method name to the new name .", "map method name to the ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["inverse of # bson then jackson ( string )", "inverse of # then bson jackson ( string )", "inverse of # bson jackson ( string )", "inverse of # jackson ( string )", "inverse of # bson then then jackson ( string )"]
["operation will ignore blanks .", "this operation will ignore blanks .", "this split will ignore blanks .", "the operation will ignore blanks .", "these will ignore blanks ."]
["returns an array containing all of the instructions in this list .", "returns an array containing all of the current in this list .", "returns an array containing all of the instructions in this current .", "returns an array containing all of the insn in this list .", "returns a containing all of the instructions in this list ."]
["list of summary listener instances", "list of summary listener instances .", "list of listener instances", "list of listeners listener instances", "list of listener instances"]
["the simplest way to create a pii token .", "the simplest way to create a pii token params .", "the simplest way to create a pii .", "the simplest way to create a token params token .", "the simplest way to create pii token ."]
["gets the name of the underlying metric .", "gets the name .", "gets the the underlying metric .", "gets the underlying metric .", "gets the string of the underlying metric ."]
["encode a pi profile action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi action profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a action group to a action profile group .", "encode a pi group profile group to a action profile group .", "encode a profile action group to a action profile group ."]
["this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the domain classs , so these need to exist first .", "this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the class classs , so these need to exist first .", "this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the domain classs , so these need to exist first .", "this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the dto classs , so these need to exist first .", "this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the classs , so these need to exist first ."]
["tests of \" uri : \" based uris", "tests of \" file : \" based uris", "tests of \" uri", "tests of \" uri last segment", "tests of \" uri last segment : \" based uris"]
["snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy # iterable", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy # list", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy # list iterable", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy #", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy # iterable"]
["logs a hash map in info level .", "logs a map in info level .", "logs a hash in info level .", "logs a series point in info level .", "logs a hash map point in info level ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a byte - array representation of a big integer .", "returns a byte - array representation of a", "returns a byte - array representation of a integer .", "returns a byte - array representation of a integer .", "returns a byte - array representation of a byte integer ."]
["doc values query ) will return matches # match utils _ with _ no _ terms", "doc values query ) will return matches # match _ with _ no utils _ terms", "doc values query ) will return matches # match _ utils with _ no _ terms", "doc values query ) will return matches # matches utils _ with _ no _ terms", "doc values query ) will return matches # terms utils _ with _ no _ terms"]
["should execute nodes on node by specific node in request .", "should execute action on nodes by specific nodes in request .", "should execute action on node by nodes node in request .", "should execute action on node by specific node in nodes .", "should nodes action on node by specific node in request ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three ."]
["set the resource for the container .", "set the resource policy for the container .", "set the resource container for the container .", "set the resolution resource for the container .", "set the resource ."]
["getter for # allow only requested all", "getter for # allow all requested headers", "getter for # allow all requested header", "getter for # allow only requested all", "getter for # allow only requested headers"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["static header writer", "mary header writer", "static mary header writer", "static mary writer", "static %UNK% header writer"]
["key import options # get import key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options # get key key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key get import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options # get import key material ( ) key material cannot be null ."]
["returns the icon url of the application , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the icon mono of the application , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the mono url of the application , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the icon image of the application , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the icon url of the application , if present and in a supported format ."]
["anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .", "cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the cross flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the origin flag set .", "anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the cross origin flag set ."]
["called when a controller requested to prefetch playback from a search query through media controller2 # prepare from search ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prepare playback from a search query through media controller2 # prepare from search ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch playback from a search query through media controller2 # prepare from search ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch playback from a search query through media controller2 prefetch from # prepare ( string , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch playback from a search query through media controller2 from search ( string , bundle ) ."]
["check if given coordinates lies inside content rect all margins .", "check if given coordinates lies inside content rect all margins .", "check if given coordinates lies inside content rect .", "check if given coordinates lies inside content rect margins .", "check if given coordinates lies inside content rect all margins ."]
["returns list of nodes filtered based on this nodes accept policy .", "returns list of filtered based on this accept policy .", "returns list of nodes filtered based on the nodes accept policy .", "returns list of nodes filtered based on this", "returns list of tree filtered based on this tree accept policy ."]
["converts a template name to its corresponding foo params class name .", "converts a template name to its corresponding params class name .", "converts a template name to its corresponding class name .", "converts a template name to its corresponding foo params .", "converts a template name to its corresponding name"]
["creates a key that is used for the lookup in redis .", "creates an string that is used for the lookup in redis .", "returns a key that is used for the lookup in redis .", "creates an that is used for the lookup in redis .", "creates an key that is used for the lookup in redis ."]
["binds the specified service under the specified directory of the default", "binds the specified service under the specified directory of the default virtual host .", "binds the specified service under the specified directory of the default host .", "binds the specified service under the specified directory of the default http .", "binds the specified service under the specified directory of the http virtual host ."]
["print a list of taglets that might conflict with standard tags in the future and a list of standard tags that have been overridden .", "print a list of taglets that might conflict with tags in the future and a list of standard overridden tags that have been overriden .", "print a list of taglets that might conflict of overridden tags in the future and a list of standard tags that have been overriden .", "print a list of taglets that might conflict with standard overridden in the future and a list of standard overridden that have been overriden .", "print a overridden of taglets that might conflict with standard tags in the future and a overridden of standard tags that have been overriden ."]
["creates this file as a path .", "creates this path as a folder .", "returns this file as a folder .", "creates this file as a folder .", "creates this file as an folder ."]
["format and publish a log record .", "format and publish a record .", "format and publish a record .", "format a log record .", "format and publish the log record ."]
["if - - before parameter has not been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible", "if - - controller parameter has not been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible", "if - - all parameter has not been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible", "been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible", "has not been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible"]
["checks if the given user exists in the current tenant", "checks if the given users in the current tenant", "checks if the given roles in the current tenant", "checks if the given user exists .", "checks if the given users roles in the current tenant"]
["this includes @ type , @ this , @ extends , @ implements , @ param , @ throws , and .", "this includes @ type , @ this , @ extends , @ implements , , @ throws , and .", "this includes @ type , @ this , @ extends , @ implements , @ throws , and .", "this includes @ type , @ this , @ extends , @ implements , @ param and .", "this includes @ type @ this @ extends @ implements @ param @ throws and ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . create subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . create subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . create # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . sub subdirectory # string"]
["copies the full - text options from the specified meta data .", "returns the full - text options from the specified database meta data .", "copies the full - text options from the specified meta data .", "assign the full - text options from the specified database meta data .", "add the full - text options from the specified database meta data ."]
["once the session is open , the client will transition to the state # connected state and the returned completable future will be completed .", "the session is open , the client will transition to the state # connected state and the returned completable future will be completed .", "once the session is open , the client will transition to # connected state and returned completable future will be completed .", "the client will transition to the state # connected state and the returned completable future will be completed .", "the session is open , the client will transition to the # state and the returned completable future will be completed ."]
["writes the representation to an appendable sequence of characters .", "returns the representation to an appendable sequence of characters .", "writes the representation to a sequence of characters .", "writes the representation to an appendable sequence .", "finds the representation to an appendable sequence of characters ."]
["invalidates a session .", "invalidates an session .", "invalidates the session .", "invalidates session .", "invalidates a ."]
["the simplest way to create a bank account token .", "the simplest way to create a account token .", "create a bank account token .", "the simplest way to create the bank account token .", "the simplest way to create an bank account token ."]
["after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first cluster that uses that cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .", "after you create a cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group", "after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group"]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where modified = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?"]
["calculates location of caret .", "calculates location .", "calculates location and displays the suggestion popup .", "location of caret and displays the suggestion popup .", "calculates of caret displays the suggestion popup ."]
["calls release reference ( ) .", "calls release ( ) .", "calls deallocate ( ) .", "calls ( ) .", "deallocate ( ) ."]
["count the total file size , including database files , of store files .", "count the total file size of store files .", "count the total file size , including id files , of database store files .", "count the total file size .", "count the total file size , including database stores files , of store files ."]
["throw an illegal state exception that indicates more than the requested amount was produced .", "throw an state exception that indicates more than the requested amount was produced .", "throw an exception that indicates more than the requested amount was produced .", "throw illegal state exception that indicates more than the requested amount was produced .", "throw an that indicates more than the requested amount was produced ."]
["returns a new service decorator that tracks request stats using meter registry .", "returns a new service that tracks request stats using meter registry .", "returns a new service decorator that tracks stats using meter registry .", "returns a new service decorator that tracks http stats using meter registry .", "returns a new service decorator that service request stats using meter registry ."]
["registers a listener to be notified of the contents of the property file", "registers be notified of the contents of the property file", "registers a listener to be notified of the contents of the property file .", "registers a listener to be notified of the contents of the user file", "returns a listener to be notified of the contents of the property file"]
["the minimum coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the structure coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the minimum structure coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the minimum coverage of the structure alignment between two subunits to be clustered together ."]
["get the sla from the dag node config .", "get the sla from the node config .", "get the sla from the dag config .", "returns the sla from the dag node config .", "gets the sla from the dag node config ."]
["aggregates the api , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the service , api , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the api , api , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the policy , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list ."]
["to ssl host config info .", "to config info .", "to ssl host info .", "to ssl config info .", "to host host config info ."]
["therefore a client that is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate .", "a client that is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate .", "therefore is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate .", "therefore an that is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate .", "therefore a sslsocket that is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate ."]
["takes a package and a path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource .", "takes a package a resource and returns an absolute path to .", "takes a package and path to a resource returns an absolute path to the resource .", "takes a package relative path to a resource returns an absolute path to the resource .", "takes a relative path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource ."]
["for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start date until ( end date , days )", "for example , the in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . until ( end date , days ) .", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start until ( end date , days )", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . ( end date , days ) .", "for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start until ( end date , days )"]
["computes loglikelihood given class values .", "computes loglikelihood given negative values and estimated probablities .", "computes loglikelihood given negative class values and estimated probablities .", "computes loglikelihood given train values and estimated probablities .", "computes loglikelihood class negative class values and estimated probablities ."]
["undecorates this backoff to find the backoff which is an instance of the specified backoff type .", "undecorates this to find the which is an instance of the specified type .", "class this backoff to find the backoff which is an instance of the specified backoff type .", "undecorates the backoff to find the backoff which is an instance of the specified backoff type .", "undecorates this backoff to find the backoff which is an instance of the specified class type ."]
["calculate sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector", "calculate sum of the elements in a column , and return as a vector", "gets sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector", "calculate sum of all elements in a column , and returns as a vector", "calculate sum of all elements in the column , and return as the vector"]
["produce a line of the co nll output .", "produce a line of the nll output .", "produce a line of the output .", "produce the co nll output .", "produce a line of the ."]
["validates that the given belongs to a jdk installation .", "validates that the given directory belongs to a jdk .", "validates that the given possible belongs to a jdk installation .", "validates that the directory belongs to a jdk installation .", "validates that the given directory belongs to the jdk installation ."]
["get path to the lwjgl lwjglcache directory", "get lwjglcache to the lwjgl cache directory", "get path to the lwjgl cache directory", "get path to the lwjgl cache lwjglcache", "get path to the lwjglcache cache directory"]
["removes all values in ' fields ' that are not specified in ' field mask ' .", "removes all values in ' fields ' that are not specified in ' field ' .", "removes all values in ' fields ' that are not specified in ' mask ' .", "removes all values in ' field ' that are not specified in ' field mask ' .", "removes all values in ' fields ' that are not specified in ' field field ' ."]
["defaults to executor service builder # query executor service builder ( ) .", "defaults to executor service builder # default query executor service builder ( ) .", "defaults to executor service builder # default query executor service builder .", "defaults to executor service builder # executor service builder ( ) .", "defaults to executor service builder # default query executor service builder ( ."]
["download or stream an image ( media ) from an shared album .", "download or stream an image from an shared album .", "download or stream an image ( media ) from a album .", "download stream an image ( from an shared album .", "download stream an image ( ) from an shared album ."]
["returns the session instance .", "returns the asession instance .", "returns the asession .", "returns the instance .", "returns the session instance ."]
["returns active hierarchy mapper", "returns hierarchy hierarchy mapper", "returns active hierarchy mapper", "returns active hierarchy . mapper", "returns hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy mapper"]
["returns the first player that matches the given media info or format .", "returns the player that matches the given media info or format .", "returns the first player that matches the given media info .", "returns the first player that matches the given format .", "returns the first player that matches the given player info or format ."]
["adds a new constant _ long _ info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a new constant _ integer _ info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a new constant _ long or double _ info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a _ integer _ info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .", "adds a new constant _ long info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table ."]
["return the template language type name of callable class , as it should be shown in error messages .", "return the template language type name of callable class .", "return the template language type name of callable , as it should be shown in error messages .", "return the template language type name of class , as it should be shown in error messages .", "return the template language type name of callable class"]
["sets all the provided settings including secure settings", "sets all the provided settings", "sets all the provided settings including", "sets all the provided map including secure map", "sets all the provided settings including map"]
["convert to http http or scheme uris .", "convert to http http uris .", "convert to http http .", "convert http or scheme uris .", "convert to the http http or scheme uris ."]
["binds the properties to the target object , and removes the property that was bound from properties .", "binds the properties to the target object .", "binds the properties to the target object , and returns the property that was bound from properties .", "binds the properties to the target , and removes the property that was bound from properties .", "binds the properties to the target object from properties ."]
["get reconciled .", "get reconciled .", "get app .", "get rechnung .", "get warehouse ."]
["build sharding .", "build conditions .", "build condition .", "sharding condition .", "build sharding condition ."]
["resolve intervals from an interval argument collection .", "resolve intervals from an interval argument collection and a read - count file .", "resolve intervals from an interval read collection and a read - count file .", "resolve intervals from an interval argument collection and a read file .", "resolve intervals from an interval argument collection"]
["get the collation value extracted from the query annotation .", "gets the collation value extracted from the query annotation .", "returns the collation value extracted from the query annotation .", "get an the collation value extracted from the query annotation .", "get the given collation value extracted from the query annotation ."]
["tests if the given analysis method is from system class .", "tests if the given system method is from language class .", "tests if the given method is from language class .", "tests if the given analysis method is from class .", "tests if the given analysis method is from language class ."]
["returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc utc representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current utc .", "returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone ."]
["returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( config class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( action class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] expanding ."]
["returns the specified asession .", "returns the specified session .", "returns the session .", "returns the specified query .", "returns the given session ."]
["the value # member _ endpoints _ default or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set .", "the value # member _ endpointsl _ endpoints or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set .", "the value # member _ default or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set .", "the value # member _ _ default or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set .", "the value # member _ endpointsl _ or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set ."]
["converts an entity ( pojo ) to a document .", "converts an document ( pojo ) to a dbobject .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to a key .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to an document .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to a document ."]
["returns child sub - scorers positioned on the current document", "returns child positioned on the current document", "returns child sub - scorers positioned on the current document .", "returns child sub - scorers positioned on the current children", "returns child scorers positioned on the current document"]
["returns the method or constructor containing the new expression represented by this object .", "returns the ct or constructor containing the new expression represented by this object .", "returns the method containing the new expression represented by this object .", "get the method or constructor containing the new expression represented by this object .", "returns the behavior or constructor containing the new expression represented by this object ."]
["creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store . plugin bundle information plugin update information ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store . plugin bundle plugin bundle ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store . plugin bundle information plugin bundle information ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store . plugin bundle information plugin bundle information ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store update information plugin bundle update information '"]
["if no byte is available because the end of the stream has been reached , the value is returned .", "if no byte is available because the end of the stream has been reached .", "the end of the stream has been reached , the value is returned .", "if no byte is available because the end of the stream has been reached returned .", "because the end of the stream has been reached , the value is returned ."]
["copy up to len bytes into the byte array , starting at the given offset .", "copy up to len bytes into the byte array .", "copy up to len bytes into the byte array .", "len bytes into the byte array , starting at the given offset .", "copy up to len bytes into the byte array"]
["tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while %UNK% ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to %UNK% while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills the cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play ."]
["same as above with a parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker .", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in a threshold checker", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker or score", "same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker or min"]
["returns an immutable list containing four elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing four elements .", "returns an list containing four elements .", "returns a list containing four elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing four elements ."]
["writes a foo params subclass for the given template .", "writes a params subclass for the given template .", "writes a template params subclass for the given template .", "writes a subclass for the given template .", "writes a foo params subclass for the given template ."]
["read float object from file", "float string object from file", "read string float from file", "read string object from float", "float object from file"]
["use the plain # add pickup ( job pickup , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add pickup job ( pickup job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # pickup job pickup ( pickup , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add pickup ( pickup job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add job pickup ( pickup , time window ) instead ."]
["opens an index reader from the directory holder ( not using the index writer )", "opens an index reader from the directory provider ( not using the index writer )", "opens an index reader from the directory provider", "opens reader from the directory provider ( not using the index writer )", "opens an holder reader from the directory provider ( not using the index writer )"]
["returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # parent parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # name parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # layer ."]
["the size of tag and non - null value in the wire format .", "the size of tag and value in the wire format .", "the size of tag in the wire format .", "the size of tag value in the wire format .", "the size of tag ."]
["load the sheet images .", "load the sheet images , if available .", "load the sheet images , if available .", "load the images images , if available .", "load the current sheet images , if available ."]
["when requesting 2 transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2 different objects", "when requesting 2 transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2 different objects .", "when objects . 2 transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2 different objects", "transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2", "when requesting 2 transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2 different objects oltp"]
["load the profile definitions from a file .", "load the profile definitions .", "the profile definitions from a file .", "load profile definitions from a file .", "load the profile definitions from the file ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current document update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root tag", "transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root root", "transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current tag update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root tag", "transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root root tag", "transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root tag"]
["get zusammenfassungseintrag .", "get rechnungstag .", "get preisliste .", "get kostenrechnungsgenauigkeit .", "get zahlungsbedingung ."]
["code snippets for blob client base # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders http headers response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders with http headers ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # set with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,", "code snippets for blob client base # http headers httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,"]
["returns the list of not - yet - succeeded run - always steps whose run - always prerequisites have all succeeded .", "returns the list of not - yet run always steps whose run - always prerequisites have all succeeded .", "returns the list of not - yet - succeeded run - always steps whose run - always prerequisites have .", "returns the list of not - yet - succeeded run steps whose run have all succeeded .", "returns the list of not - yet - succeeded run - always steps whose run - always prerequisites have all unfinished ."]
["set the color in the device rgb color space .", "set the non - stroking color in the device rgb color space .", "set the non color in the device rgb color space .", "set color in the device rgb color space .", "returns the non - stroking color in the device rgb color space ."]
["provides a google credentials bundle with delegated admin access for a g suite domain .", "provides a google bundle bundle with delegated admin access for a g suite domain .", "provides a google with delegated admin access for a g suite domain .", "provides a google credentials with delegated admin access for a g suite domain .", "provides a credentials bundle credential with delegated admin access for a g suite domain ."]
["tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . instances", "tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider .", "tests the ability to register , test and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances ."]
["returns the specified location that corresponds to the specified key .", "get the specified location that corresponds to the specified key .", "stores the specified window that corresponds to the specified key .", "window the specified location that corresponds to the specified key .", "window ."]
["sets the host associated with this exception .", "sets the address associated with this exception .", "sets the string associated with this exception .", "sets the host address with this exception .", "sets the host associated with this exception ."]
["if mutability is null , the list is immutable .", "the list is immutable .", "if is null , the list is immutable .", ", the list is immutable .", "if thread is mutability , the list is immutable ."]
["this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset date .", "this factory converts the date - time object to an instance of offset date .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of date .", "this factory converts the arbitrary date - time to an instance of offset date ."]
["checks whether the variable is initialized via a expression from a method parameter .", "checks whether the variable is initialized via a cast expression from a method .", "checks whether the variable is initialized via a cast from a method parameter .", "checks whether the variable is initialized via a cast expression from a parameter .", "checks whether the variable is initialized via a method parameter ."]
["get external back a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key", "get back a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key", "external back a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key", "a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key", "get external a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key"]
["sets the given span ' s last touch timestamp .", "sets the given span ' s touch access timestamp .", "sets the given span ' s last access touch .", "sets the given span ' s last timestamp .", "sets the given span ' s last touch ."]
["set the location .", "add the location .", "set the .", "returns the location .", "set the set ."]
["sets the value of this combo box .", "sets the value of this box .", "returns the value of this combo box .", "sets the value of this combo box .", "set the value of this combo box ."]
["an alternative to # set media type for use in java code .", "an alternative to # set type types for use in java code .", "an alternative to # set type for use in java code .", "an type to # set media types for use in java code .", "an alternative to # set type types for use in java code ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["same as # is pipeline config set ( long , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long device , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long device id , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set , long pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution ."]
["test partition awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity partition sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness sql cache partition property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition cache size property with semicolon ."]
["get status of given targets , if any", "get status of given rotation", "get targets of given rotation , if any", "get status of given rotation , if the", "get status of given none , if any"]
["execute the alter class .", "execute the class .", "execute the alter .", "execute the %UNK% class .", "execute a alter class ."]
["returns whether the rule in the given rule context is in a whitelist .", "returns whether the rule in the given rule context is in a whitelist .", "returns whether the rule in the given rule context is in a whitelist .", "returns whether the rule in the given rule rule is in a whitelist .", "returns whether the rule in the given rule context is in a whitelist ."]
["returns the number of sync d l objects where repository = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where company = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where type = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where kursart = ?", "returns the number of sync d l objects where company id = ?"]
["creates and caches a test core event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test core event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches a test base event instance for the scope of the current test method .", "creates and caches test event instance for the scope of the current test method ."]
["initializes fresco with the specified config .", "initializes fresco .", "initializes fresco with this config .", "returns fresco with the specified config .", "initializes fresco with the specified image ."]
["return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures ( e . g .", "return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures (", "return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures ( g .", "return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures ( . g .", "return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures"]
["do not call this method with set size less than 2 .", "do not call this method with set size than 2 .", "do not call this method with set size .", "do not call this method with set size 2 .", "do not call this method with set size"]
["entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new header field is less than the table ' s capacity .", "entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new field is less than the table ' s capacity .", "entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new header field is less than the table ' s capacity .", "entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new char field is less than the table ' s capacity .", "entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new header is less than the table ' s capacity ."]
["format : interface : version", "interface : version : group", "format : interface : group", "format : interface : group", "format : interface : version"]
["snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response # iterable", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response # list", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response #", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response # list iterable", "snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response # iterable list"]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of flux the flux will error ."]
["clear saved activities", "clear activities activity", "clear saved activity", "clear saved activities", "clear activity"]
["it means that bound after this method call won ' t be set read .", "it means that bound after this method call won ' t be set read - only .", "it means that bound after this method call won ' t be set read only .", "it means that fields bound after this method call won ' t be set - only .", "it means that fields bound after this method call won ' t be set binding - only ."]
["increment the count of triggered state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered lazy state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered sync state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered sync count state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered section lazy state updates ( by one ) ."]
["relevant are the framework url , the framework name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters are relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use .", "relevant are url , framework name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters are relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use .", "relevant url , framework name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters are relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use .", "relevant are the karaf url , the karaf name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters are relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use .", "relevant url , the framework name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["returns the price that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the traded price that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the traded that was traded , in decimal form .", "gets the price traded , in decimal form .", "gets the price , in decimal ."]
["returns the ( population ) skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( biased ) population of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population variance ) skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population variance skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population variance of all the values within a dataset"]
["generates a code sample for using begin async client # start copy with response ( string , map )", "begin a code sample for using file async client # start copy with response ( string , map )", "generates a code sample for using printf async client # start copy with response ( string , map )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # start copy with response ( string )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # begin copy with response ( string , map )"]
["use the supplied truststore for key requests .", "use the supplied truststore .", "use the supplied key for https requests .", "use the supplied for https requests .", "use the supplied truststore for https requests ."]
["converts this sensitivity to a monetary value , multiplying by the specified factor .", "converts this sensitivity to a monetary value .", "converts this sensitivity to an monetary value , multiplying by the specified factor .", "converts this sensitivity to a monetary value by the specified factor .", "converts this sensitivity to a monetary value , multiplying by the given factor ."]
["- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "- when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected ."]
["sets the given eclipse target status .", "sets the given status target monitor .", "sets this target monitor .", "status the given eclipse target monitor .", "sets this monitor ."]
["set content md5 property : sets file ' s md5 hash .", "set the content md5 property : sets the ' s md5 hash .", "content md5 property : sets file ' s md5 hash .", "set content md5 property : sets ' s md5 hash .", "set the file md5 property : sets the file ' s md5 hash ."]
["look for a bar line vertically aligned with the ending side .", "look for a staff bar line vertically aligned with the ending side .", "staff look for a bar line vertically aligned with the ending side .", "look for the bar line vertically aligned with the ending side .", "look for an line vertically aligned with the ending side ."]
["set the bases of tumor version in the gencode funcotation .", "set the bases of seq version in the gencode funcotation .", "set the bases of tumor version in the gencode funcotation .", "set the bases of tumor version allele1 in the gencode funcotation .", "set the bases of tumor allele1 in the gencode funcotation ."]
["try to postpone the math . exp call to preserve numeric range !", "try to postpone the fast math . exp call to preserve numeric range !", "try to postpone the fast . exp call to preserve numeric range !", "try to postpone math . exp call to preserve numeric range !", "try to postpone a math . exp call to preserve numeric range !"]
["deletes the entire coarse of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire partitions of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the row of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire coarse partitions of the sweepable timestamps table ."]
["attaches an existing database .", "attaches a database .", "attaches an existing .", "attaches an existing udb .", "attaches existing database ."]
["fetches the modules info stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call .", "fetches the module info stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call .", "fetches the info stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call .", "fetches the modules stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call .", "fetches the packlet modules stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call ."]
["iterate over registered method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered handler method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered method method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .", "iterate over registered argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it ."]
["get menge aktuell .", "get menge kumuliert .", "get betrag menge .", "get menge betrag .", "get betrag aktuell ."]
["builtin function instances , calling base function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "builtin function instances , function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "builtin function instances , calling builtin function # ( skylark .", "base function instances , calling base function # configure ( skylark signature ) .", "builtin function instances , calling builtin function # ( skylark signature ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["is a value with this type less than the length of the sequence ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of the array ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of the ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of the sequence ?", "is a value with this type less than the length of sequence ?"]
["a class type an interface type an array type a parameterized type a type variable the null type", "a class type an interface type an array type a parameterized type a type variable the type", "a class an interface an array a parameterized type a type variable the null type", "a class type an interface type an array type a parameterized type a type variable null", "interface type an array type a parameterized type a type variable the null type"]
["creates an update that removes from the array value of the field with the given name all elements that match the given filter .", "creates a that removes from the array value of the field with the given name all elements that match the given filter .", "creates an update that removes from the array value of the bson with the given name all elements that match the given filter .", "creates an update that removes from the array value with the given all elements that match the given filter .", "creates an update that removes from the array value of the field given all elements that match the given filter ."]
["sets a spannable text with any highlight color into the provided text view .", "sets a text with any highlight color into the provided text view .", "returns a spannable text with any highlight color into the provided text view .", "sets a spannable text with any highlight color the provided text .", "sets an text with any highlight color into the provided text view ."]
["gets the value of the ' public ports ' field", "gets the value of the ' ports ' field", "gets the value of the ' ports port ' field", "gets the value of the ' public string ' field", "gets the value of the ' public ports ' field"]
["indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated %UNK% generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id .", "indicate to associated become generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated become to become masters for the given partition id"]
["get an implementation of job resolver service if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "get an implementation of job resolver service if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "get an implementation of job resolver service if resolver hasn ' t already been defined .", "get an implementation of job specification service if one hasn ' t already been defined .", "get an implementation of job resolver service if one hasn ' t already been defined ."]
["get preisliste .", "get belegart .", "get nutzer .", "get kursart .", "get bezugsnebenkosten ."]
["checks that screen was closed with the given outcome .", "checks that screen was closed with the given standard .", "checks that screen was closed with the given standard outcome .", "checks that screen was closed with the given outcome outcome .", "checks that screen was closed with the given standard outcome outcome ."]
["see url html", "see html", "url html", "see url", "%UNK% url html"]
["converts from cpu profiler profiler configuration to cpu profiler config", "converts profiler cpu profiler configuration to cpu profiler config", "converts cpu profiler configuration to cpu profiler config", "converts from cpu profiler . cpu profiler to cpu profiler config", "converts from cpu . cpu configuration to cpu profiler config"]
["register a method observer with the current context .", "register a method observer .", "register a method observer with the current observer ( provided ) .", "register a method observer with the current event ( provided ) .", "register an method observer with the current context ( provided ) ."]
["sets start margin of text view depending on icon type .", "sets start margin of title view depending on icon type .", "sets start margin of text view depending on title type .", "sets start title of text view depending on icon type .", "sets start margin text view depending on ."]
["queries this service for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact source service contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact for source contacts which match a specific query string ."]
["returns the type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type to the given type descriptor .", "returns the type type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given internal type descriptor ."]
["sets a boolean attribute on the given element .", "sets a attribute on the given element .", "sets a boolean attribute .", "set a boolean attribute on the given element .", "sets an attribute on the given element ."]
["delete ticket granting tickets int .", "delete ticket tickets int .", "ticket granting tickets int .", "delete granting tickets int .", "%UNK% ticket granting tickets int ."]
["tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete context ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( context uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check .", "tests the file system master # context ( alluxio uri , context options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio context , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check ."]
["makes a unique key .", "makes a key for the paired reads .", "makes a unique key for the hash reads .", "makes a unique key for the pair reads .", "returns a unique key for the paired reads ."]
["to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using amazon kinesis .", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using amazon ec2 .", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using binary parameter .", "to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using binary group ."]
["parses the ' resource info ' annotation and builds open api operation .", "parses the ' resource info ' annotation and builds open operation .", "parses the ' open api info ' annotation and builds swagger operation .", "parses the ' resource info ' annotation and builds swagger operation .", "parses the ' resource info ' annotation and open swagger operation ."]
["get the object being interacted .", "get the object being interacted with .", "get the object being interacted .", "get the object interacted with .", "get the object being interacted ."]
["set to true to use the runtimetimer runtime for the work , or false to use the current thread .", "set to true to use the for the work , or false to use the current thread .", "set to true to use the current runtime for the work , or false to use the current thread .", "set to runtime to use the runtimetimer thread for the work , or false to use the current thread .", "set to true to use the runtimetimer thread for the work ."]
["this is necessary because this class only keeps weak references to the fcpplugin connection objects .", "this is necessary because this class only keeps weak references to the fcpplugin connections objects .", "this is necessary because this class only keeps connection references to the fcpplugin client objects .", "this is necessary because this class only keeps connections references to the fcpplugin client objects .", "this is necessary because this class only keeps weak references to the fcpplugin client objects ."]
["send full management to gmc .", "send full topology to management .", "send full management console to gmc .", "send management topology to gmc .", "send full topology management gmc ."]
["objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list object", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the object element", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list object", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list element"]
["this method also sets the # set created secondary unit .", "this method sets the # set created secondary unit ( ) .", "this method also sets the set created secondary unit ( ) .", "sets the # set created secondary unit ( ) .", "this method also sets the # created secondary unit ( ) ."]
["that no proxied assertion methods have failed .", "verifies that no assertion methods have failed .", "verifies that no proxied methods have failed .", "verifies that no proxied assertion methods have .", "verifies no proxied assertion methods have failed ."]
["decorates all services .", "decorates services with the specified decorator .", "decorates all http with the specified decorator .", "decorates the services with the specified decorator .", "http all services with the specified decorator ."]
["gets the set of registrar : set - of - threat - match pairings from the file in gcs .", "gets the registrar : set - of - threat - match pairings from the file in gcs .", "gets the list of registrar : set - of - threat - set pairings from the file in gcs .", "gets registrar : set - of - threat - match pairings from the file in gcs .", "gets the list of set : set - of - threat - match pairings from the file in gcs ."]
["get upc / ean .", "get upc _ cu / ean .", "get upc .", "get cu upc / ean .", "get _ cu upc / ean ."]
["returns the journal article remote service .", "returns the journal remote service .", "returns the class name remote service .", "returns the journal library remote service .", "returns the name remote service ."]
["get an iterator to the double contents .", "get an iterator to the ] contents .", "get an iterator to the contents .", "get an iterator to the double .", "get an iterator to the vector contents ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of 6 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 6 comprehension option .", "creates a for - comprehension of 6 iterables option .", "creates a for - comprehension of 6 option .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables ."]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["any sensitivities of the same type will be combined using currency parameter sensitivities # merged with ( currency parameter sensitivities ) .", "any sensitivities of the same type will be merged using currency parameter sensitivities # merged with ( currency parameter sensitivities ) .", "any sensitivities of the same type will be combined using currency parameter sensitivities # combined with # merged currency parameter sensitivities ) .", "any sensitivities of the same type will be combined using currency parameter sensitivities with ( currency parameter sensitivities ) .", "any sensitivities of the same type will be combined using currency parameter sensitivities combined with ( # merged parameter sensitivities ) ."]
["gets the id for the given int value .", "gets the id for the given int id .", "gets the id for the given id value .", "gets the id for the given int .", "gets the id for the given id ."]
["returns the type against which the expression is tested .", "gets the type against which the expression is tested .", "gets the type .", "gets the type which .", "gets the type against which the expression is tested ."]
["run an mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums", "run a mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums", "run an mrtask job to add up sums in sums", "run a job to add up sums in @ _ sums", "run an mrtask job to add up sums in zero _ sums"]
["detects whether a java agent is attached .", "detects whether a agent is attached .", "detects whether the java agent is attached .", "detects whether a java agent is java .", "detects whether an java agent is attached ."]
["returns the host from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "returns the string from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "returns the host host from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "returns the from where the authentication attempt occurs .", "returns the where the authentication attempt occurs ."]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api version updated ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api updated ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api updated ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the api service version updated ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service version api ' event ."]
["applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the temporal passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjust passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the into passing this as the argument ."]
["stores opt _ clist property .", "stores opt id property .", "stores account id property .", "stores opt _ clist _ password property .", "stores account _ clist property ."]
["accepts only urls with ' file ' protocol .", "accepts only urls .", "accepts only urls with ' file .", "accepts only urls with ' file ' protocol .", "accepts only urls with ."]
["construct a streams data source .", "construct an streams data source .", "construct a data source .", "construct a streams data streams .", "construct a trident streams source ."]
["test of add metric method , of class new agent connector .", "test of set add metric method , of class new agent connector .", "test of method , of class new agent connector .", "test of add add method , of class new agent connector .", "test of metric metric method , of class new agent connector ."]
["otherwise if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "otherwise if the object is from a returns the result of to string .", "the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "object is from a java package , returns the result of to string ."]
["if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the pn ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the caller module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .", "is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["code snippets for configuration async client # add configuration setting ( string , string , string )", "code snippets for configuration async client # add add configuration ( string , string , string )", "code snippets for configuration async client # add setting ( configuration string , string , string )", "code snippets for configuration async add configuration # add setting ( string , string , string )", "code snippets for configuration async client # add setting ( string , string , string )"]
["note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "get : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block .", "formatter : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block"]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details ."]
["returns default capabilities of the classifier .", "returns default capabilities of the capabilities .", "returns capabilities of the classifier .", "returns default capabilities of the result .", "returns given capabilities of the classifier ."]
["returns the value of the value property .", "gets the of the property .", "gets the value of the value .", "gets the ddl of the ddl property .", "gets the value ."]
["uses regular and super source compilation source unit type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name .", "uses regular and super source source compilation unit type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name .", "uses regular and super source unit source unit type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name .", "uses regular and source source compilation source unit type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name .", "uses regular and super compilation source compilation source type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name ."]
["this version avoids any possibility of overflow .", "this version avoids any possibility .", "version avoids any possibility of overflow .", "any possibility of overflow .", "this version avoids any possibility of iterative ."]
["code snippets for blob async client base # begin copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for begin async client base # start copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for code async client base # start copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for blob async client base # code copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for blob async client base # start copy from url ( string )"]
["get the zoned date that this token was created", "get the time that this token was created", "get the date that this time was created", "returns the date that this token was created", "get the date that this token was created time"]
["scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error with next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["returns an immutable list containing one element .", "returns an unmodifiable containing one element .", "returns a list containing one element .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing one element .", "returns an list containing one element ."]
["see # record program running ( program id run , string , long , string , byte [ ] )", "see # record program running ( run program id , string , long , string , byte [ ] )", "see # record program running ( program run id , string , long , string , byte [ ] )", "see # id run program running ( program id , string , long , string , byte [ ] )", "see # record program running ( string run id , string , long , string , byte [ ] )"]
["gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "returns the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the string used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .", "gets the encryption used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server ."]
["' s slurp crawler @ param value the value to set .", "' s slurp crawler param value the value to set .", "' s slurp crawler value the value to set .", "crawler @ param value the value to set .", "slurp crawler @ param value the value to set ."]
["gets the value of the ' in memory ' field", "gets the value of the ' ' field", "gets the value of the ' memory ' field", "returns the value of the ' in memory ' field", "gets the value of the '"]
["construct a new instance of an execution that finished with the provided test execution result .", "construct a new instance of an execution that finished with the provided execution result .", "construct a new instance of a test execution that finished with the provided test execution result .", "construct a new instance of an test execution that finished with the provided test execution result .", "construct a new instance of a execution that finished with the provided test execution result ."]
["gets the prefix from a full file name , such as or .", "gets the prefix from a full file , such as or .", "gets the prefix from a file name filename , such as or .", "gets the prefix from a full file name , such as or .", "gets the prefix from a full name name , such as or ."]
["for localizing the error message , use # as required ( serializable function ) .", "for localizing the error message , use # required ( serializable function ) .", "for localizing the error message , use # as as required ( serializable function ) .", "for localizing the error message , use # as required .", "for localizing the error message , use # as required ( serializable function ) ."]
["append program run info and flush to file .", "append program id info and flush to file .", "append program run id info and flush to file .", "append program info fields and flush to file .", "append program info id fields and flush to file ."]
["setter for # allowed headers", "setter for # allowed", "setter for # allow allowed headers", "setter for # allowed allowed", "setter for # headers headers"]
["nullifies read locator and listeners .", "nullifies read and listeners .", "nullifies read locator and locator .", "nullifies read locator and listeners .", "nullifies locator position and listeners ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["if the original qualifier has no sequence length offsets , then unknown is returned .", "if the original qualifier has no sequences length offsets , then unknown is returned .", "if the original qualifier has no length offsets , then unknown is returned .", "if the original qualifier has no sequences offsets , then unknown is returned .", "if the original qualifier has no sequence offsets , then unknown is returned ."]
["must be called in inside a table lock", "must be called in inside a 1000 lock", "must be called in inside a table 1000", "must be called in inside a lock", "must be called in inside a table lock ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified node name ."]
["default is", "default are", "default behind", "default is", "default write"]
["restore a buffer random access thing from a data input stream .", "restore a lockable random access buffer from a data input stream .", "restore a lockable random buffer thing from a data input stream .", "restore buffer lockable random access thing from buffer data input stream .", "restore a lockable buffer access thing from a data input stream ."]
["if disabled the vertical map is only shown once .", "if vertical the map is only shown once .", "if disabled the map is only shown once .", "if disabled the vertical is only shown once .", "if disabled the map is only vertical once ."]
["deletes the entire coarse of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire partitions of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the row of the sweepable timestamps table .", "deletes the entire coarse partitions of the sweepable timestamps table ."]
["sets the single character used for escaping the quote character inside an already escaped value .", "sets the character used for escaping the quote character inside an already escaped value .", "set the single character used for escaping the quote character inside an already escaped value .", "adds the single character used for escaping the quote character inside an already escaped value .", "sets inside an already escaped value ."]
["then the length of longest increasing subsequence can increase by 1 .", "then the length of len increasing subsequence can increase by 1 .", "then the length of longest increasing subsequence can increase by len .", "then the len of longest increasing subsequence can increase by 1 .", "then the length of longest subsequence can increase by 1 ."]
["when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .", "when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception .", "when an interceptor throws an exception exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .", "when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception", "when an interceptor throws a exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging ."]
["create the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "returns the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the create request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .", "create the default request used when upgrade for the upgrade plan on a namespace ."]
["creates minimal http2 async client instance that provides essential http2 / 2 transport only .", "creates minimal http2 async client instance that provides essential http / 2 transport only .", "creates http2 http async client instance that provides essential http / 2 transport only .", "creates async client instance that provides essential http / 2 transport only .", "http2 minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 2 transport only ."]
["returns the time when the entry will created based on the supplied expiration function .", "returns the time when the entry will expire based on the supplied expiration function .", "returns the created when the entry will expire based on the supplied expiration function .", "returns the time when the entry will expiry based on the supplied expiration function .", "returns the time when the created will expire based on the supplied expiration function ."]
["this is done as element returned by the # get data series ( ) is expected to be the root capture node .", "this is done as element returned by the # get data series ( ) is expected to be the thread root capture node .", "this is done as element returned by the # data series ( ) is expected to be the thread root capture node .", "this is done as element returned by the # is expected to be the thread root capture node .", "this is done as element returned by the # get series ( ) is expected to be the thread root capture node ."]
["converts w into a pinhole camera model by inverting w and extracting the non - zero elements", "converts w into a pinhole camera model by inverting w", "converts w into a pinhole camera model by inverting w and extracting the elements", "converts w into a pinhole camera model by inverting w and chol the non - zero elements", "converts w into an camera model by inverting w and extracting the non - zero elements"]
["returns the number of output frames that can be read with # output size ( short buffer ) .", "returns the number of output output size that can be read with # get output ( short buffer ) .", "returns the number of output that can be read with # get output size ( short buffer ) .", "returns the number of output output size that can be read with # get output ( short buffer ) .", "returns the number of output frames that can be read with # output size ( short buffer ) ."]
["date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm", "local date time : date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm", "local date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm", "local date date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm", "local date time date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm"]
["an alternative to # set media types for use in java code .", "an alternative to # set media types for use in", "# set media types for use in java code .", "a key to # set media types for use in java code .", "an alternative to # add media types for use in java code ."]
["tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming the array under test .", "tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming under test .", "tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming the value under test .", "tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming the list under test .", "tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming the abstract under test ."]
["links a new vertex to this shard .", "links a new vertex element concept to this shard .", "vertex a new concept to this shard .", "links a vertex concept to this shard .", "links a new concept to this vertex ."]
["tests that the writable partitions returned by the helix cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster .", "get that the writable partitions returned by the helix cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster .", "tests that the writable partitions returned by the cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster .", "tests that the writable partitions get by the helix cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster .", "tests that the writable partitions returned by the get cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster ."]
["get image max size setting from the image max size site setting string .", "get image max size setting from the image max size site setting string .", "get image size setting from the image width site setting string .", "get setting from the width site setting string .", "get max size width setting from the image width site setting string ."]
["also , run verify commands in case some collection was using \" $ package \" version of this package and got auto - updated .", "also , run verify commands in case some collection was using \" $ latest \" version of this package and got auto - updated .", "also , run verify commands in case some collection was using \" $ latest \" version of this package and got auto - updated .", "also , run verify commands in case some collection was using \" $ package utils \" version of this package and got auto - updated .", "also , run verify commands in case some collection was using \" $ latest \" version of this package and got auto - updated ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging ."]
["returns the session timeout .", "returns the minimum timeout .", "returns the minimum session timeout .", "returns this session timeout .", "returns the %UNK% session timeout ."]
["helper method to lookup a dao if it has already been associated with the class .", "helper method to lookup dao if it has already been associated with the class .", "helper method to a dao if it has already been associated with the class .", "method to lookup a dao if it has already been associated with the class .", "helper method to lookup a dao ."]
["code installed by truffle is first tier if it was produced in the first tier compilation mode .", "code installed by truffle is low grade if it was produced in the low grade compilation mode .", "code installed by truffle is first tier if it was produced in the low grade compilation mode .", "code installed by truffle is first if it was produced in the first compilation mode .", "code installed by truffle the first tier if it was produced in the low grade compilation mode ."]
["returns all under file system factory extensions from the extensions directory and caches .", "scan all under file system factory extensions from the extensions directory and caches .", "finds all under file system factory extensions from the extensions directory .", "finds all under file system factory extensions from the extensions scan and caches .", "finds all file system factory extensions from ."]
["if we have a username entry use gssapi otherwise plain .", "if we have a username use gssapi otherwise plain .", "if we have a jaas entry use gssapi plain .", "if we have a jaas username use gssapi otherwise plain .", "if we have a jaas entry use gssapi otherwise plain ."]
["sets the journal article persistence .", "sets the journal persistence .", "sets the journal library persistence .", "sets the class name persistence .", "sets the name persistence ."]
["create an instance of response . fixed . item", "create an instance of response . fixed . item", "create an instance of item . fixed . category", "create an instance of response . item . category", "create an instance of response . fixed . item"]
["waits during timeout until text extracted from specified element by", "waits during timeout until text extracted from specified web element", "waits during timeout text extracted from specified web element by", "waits during element until text extracted from specified web element by", "waits during timeout extracted from specified web by"]
["no validation is performed on the date - time other than ensuring it is not null .", "date - time other than ensuring it is not null .", "no validation is performed on the zone - time other than ensuring it is not null .", "no zone is performed on the date - time other than ensuring it is not null .", "no validation is performed on the date - time other than zone it is not null ."]
["returns true if the given string is a legal java identifier , otherwise false .", "returns true if the given str is a legal java identifier , otherwise false .", "returns true if the given sequence is a legal java identifier , otherwise false .", "returns true if the given char sequence is a legal java identifier , otherwise false .", "returns true if the given string str is a legal java identifier , otherwise false ."]
["converts this template into an argument type strategy .", "converts this template into an argument type strategies .", "converts this template into an argument type .", "converts this template into an argument type validator .", "converts this template into an argument type strategy ."]
["is grand grant supported service .", "is grant type supported service .", "is grand type grant service .", "is grand supported service .", "is grand type supported service ."]
["if intervals are not specified in the interval argument collection , they are taken from the read - count file .", "if intervals are not specified in the interval argument collection .", "if intervals are not specified in the interval collection , they are taken from the read file .", "if intervals are not specified in the interval argument collection - count file .", "if intervals are not specified in the interval argument collection , they are taken from the read file ."]
["assign the ( right part ) barline that ends this measure", "assign the ( right ) barline that ends this measure", "assign the barline that ends this measure", "assign the ( part ) barline that ends this measure", "assign the ( part right ) barline that ends this measure"]
["assert that the given object is lenient equals by ignoring null fields value on other object .", "assert that the given object is lenient equals by ignoring fields value on other object .", "assert that this is lenient equals by ignoring null fields value on other object .", "assert that this equals by ignoring null fields value on other object .", "assert that ignoring null fields value on"]
["creates a cluster using # mpack211 with zoo keeper installed .", "creates a cluster using # mpack211 version2110 with zoo keeper installed .", "creates a cluster using # with zoo keeper installed .", "creates a cluster using # zoo keeper installed .", "creates a cluster using # repo mpack211 with zoo keeper installed ."]
["returns the value of the specified option for this configuration or null if the option isn ' t recognized .", "returns the value of the specified option for this configuration if the option isn ' t recognized .", "returns the value of the specified option for this configuration .", "returns the value of the specified option for this configuration or null if the option isn ' t recognized .", "gets the value of the specified option for this configuration or null if the option isn ' t recognized ."]
["integers 0 . . . n .", "integers 0 n", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . linked .", "integers 0 . . . n - ."]
["report , in the sample sheet whose name is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape .", "report , in the sample sheet whose id is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape .", "report , in the sample sheet whose string is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape .", "in the sample sheet whose id is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape .", "report , in the sample sheet is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape ."]
["opens a janus graph database .", "opens a graph database .", "opens a titan graph database .", "opens an janus graph database .", "opens a graph database ."]
["snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key key # byte", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore backup key # byte", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key vault key # byte", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore backup vault key # byte", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . restore backup . restore key # byte"]
["waits until text extracted from specified element by", "waits until text extracted from specified web element by", "waits until text extracted from element by", "waits until text extracted from specified element . by", "waits until text extracted from specified element by the"]
["equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same keys method .", "comparison is performed with this object ' s # same array method .", "equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # array method .", "equality comparison is performed with this array ' s # same keys method .", "equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same array method ."]
["write binary data to a file", "write binary data to a file disk at", "write binary data to a file and reference the file on disk at the given file node", "write binary data to and reference the file on disk at the given file node", "write binary data to a file at the given file node"]
["build ghost image .", "build ghost image based on provided interline value .", "build ghost image based .", "build image based on provided interline value .", "ghost image based on provided interline value ."]
["prints out the created certificate operation details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate cancel details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate certificate details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate operation details when a response has been received .", "prints out the created certificate cancel when a response has been received ."]
["ldap network connection .", "ldap connection .", "network connection .", "connection .", "connection network connection ."]
["set encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to file .", "set encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to .", "set the content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to the .", "set content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to file .", "set the encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to the ."]
["note that that my sql and sql server instead use alter column base attributes ( )", "note that that my sql and sql server instead use alter column attributes ( )", "note that that my sql and sql server instead use column base attributes ( )", "note that that my sql and sql server instead use alter column suffix attributes ( )", "note that that my sql and sql server instead use alter column alter attributes ( )"]
["by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # get selection listener ( ) .", "by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # get listener selection ( ) .", "by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # get listener ( ) .", "by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # listener ( ) .", "by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # get selection listener ( ) ."]
["override to allow subclasses of skin to be loaded .", "override to new subclasses of skin to be loaded .", "override to allow new of skin to be loaded .", "returns to allow subclasses of skin to be loaded .", "override to returns subclasses of skin to be loaded ."]
["tests resiliency when egress device is down .", "resiliency resilency when egress device is down .", "tests resilency when resiliency device is down .", "tests resilency .", "tests when egress device is down ."]
["binds the set context .", "binds the external context .", "binds the key context .", "binds the context .", "binds the http ."]
["removes the edges lifetime and neurons without emanating edges .", "removes the edges beyond lifetime without emanating edges .", "removes the edges beyond lifetime and neurons without emanating edges .", "removes the edges beyond lifetime .", "clear the edges beyond lifetime and neurons without emanating edges ."]
["parses tags while the span is in scope ( for logging for example )", "parses tags while the span is in scope", "parses tags while the span is in scope", "parses tags while a span is in scope ( for logging for example )", "parses tags while this span is in scope ( for logging for example )"]
["returns true if the slide is fully minimized", "returns true if the minimized is fully hidden", "returns true if the slide is minimized", "returns true if the slide is fully hidden", "returns true if the slide is minimized hidden"]
["create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain the callable statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an callable statement from the pool ."]
["gets whether or not the configuration setting is read only .", "gets whether or not the configuration setting is read .", "gets whether or not the configuration setting is only only .", "gets whether or not the configuration setting is read only only .", "gets whether or not the configuration setting is read only ."]
["send a message to a given node .", "send a message to a given endpoint .", "send a message to a given .", "send a message to a given message .", "send a node to a given endpoint ."]
["similar to # when ( boolean , action , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type .", "similar to # when else ( boolean , , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type .", "similar to # when or ( boolean , action , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type .", "similar to # when or ( boolean , action , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type .", "similar to # when or ( boolean , action , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type ."]
["the system modules are typically linked into the java run - time image .", "the system modules are typically linked into the run - time image .", "java run - time image .", "the system system are typically linked into the java run - time image .", "the system module are typically linked into the java run - time image ."]
["code snippets for blob client base # start copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for blob client base # start copy from url", "code snippets for client base # start copy from url ( string )", "code snippets for blob client base # start copy from url ( )", "code snippets for response client base # start copy from url ( string )"]
["in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( object ) rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc rotate ( ) instead .", "in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) rotate ( ) instead ."]
["for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of the subinterfaces .", "for a parent ( must be a ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) ."]
["called by fast batching cell reader . load aggregation where the", "called by fast batching cell reader load aggregation where the", "called by fast batching cell reader . load aggregation where", "called by fast batching cell reader . aggregation where the", "called by fast batching cell reader . load aggregation where the segment cache ."]
["force triggering of a job for given application .", "force triggering of a job for given application .", "application triggering of a job for given application .", "force application of a job for given application .", "force of a job for given application ."]
["registers a callback to be invoked when a view type change is done .", "registers a callback to be invoked when a view type is done .", "registers be invoked when a view type change is done .", "adds a callback to be invoked when a view type change is done .", "registers a listener to be invoked when a view type change is done ."]
["this is the same than the column type , except for collections where it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection .", "this is the same than the type , except for collections where it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection .", "than the column except for collections where it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection .", "this is the same than the column type it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection .", "than the column it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection ."]
["remove a server to the known list of servers .", "adds a server to the known list of servers .", "returns a server to the known list of servers .", "adds a predicate .", "adds a predicate of servers ."]
["this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .", "this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it ."]
["partial query to filter out cc .", "partial query to filter out and java implicit dependencies .", "partial query to filter out java implicit dependencies .", "partial query to filter out cc .", "partial query to filter out cc"]
["test of variance method , of class kernel density .", "test of variance method , of class kernel density .", "test of var method , of class kernel density .", "test variance var method , of class kernel density .", "test of method , variance class kernel density ."]
["desintalls a uninstall from the mule container installation .", "desintalls a from the mule container installation .", "desintalls a artifact from the mule container installation .", "desintalls an artifact from the mule container installation .", "uninstall an artifact from the mule container installation ."]
["registers madvoc components that will be registered after default components .", "register additional madvoc components that will be registered after default components .", "sets additional madvoc components that will be registered after default components .", "registers additional components that will be registered after default components .", "returns additional madvoc components that will be registered after default components ."]
["retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves the metadata for the specified metadata value id ."]
["writes a collection of values to a character stream .", "writes values to a character stream .", "returns a collection of values to a character stream .", "writes a iterable of values to a character stream .", "writes an of values to a character stream ."]
["draws the description text in the right corner of the chart", "draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart", "draws the description text", "draws the description text bottom right corner of the", "draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart ."]
["if the cipher is an asymmetric service cipher ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :", "if the cipher is an asymmetric cipher service ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :", "if the cipher service is an asymmetric cipher ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :", "if the cipher is an cipher service cipher ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :", "if the cipher is an asymmetric service ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :"]
["sets the hive source source port .", "sets the data source port .", "sets the hive data source port .", "sets the data source source port .", "sets the data source source ."]
["iterate over all the secret properties secret by page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "iterate over all the secret properties secret by properties and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "properties over all the secret properties secret by page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "iterate over all properties secret by page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "iterate over all the properties of secret properties secret by page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) ."]
["the returned rx dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the returned rx dao is a dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the rx dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with observables .", "that let ' s you interact with rx observables ."]
["return all the keys that mapped to record at timestamp .", "return all the keys that mapped to value at timestamp .", "return all the keys that mapped to at timestamp .", "return all the keys that mapped to value at record .", "return all the keys that mapped to value ."]
["return a simulated for each block in the database .", "returns a simulated for each block in the database .", "return a simulated for each block in the mutable .", "return an for each block in the database .", "return an simulated for each block in the database ."]
["= question ?", "lhs pattern : = question ?", "pattern : = question ?", "lhs pattern : question ?", "lhs pattern question ?"]
["set the new type .", "set the type .", "set the new new type .", "new the value type .", "set the object type ."]
["' s slurp crawler @ param value the value to set .", "' s slurp crawler param value the value to set .", "' s slurp crawler value the value to set .", "crawler @ param value the value to set .", "slurp crawler @ param value the value to set ."]
["helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an property iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on a property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present ."]
["get software version info # # # functional description : public software version information .", "get software version info # # # functional description .", "returns software version info # # # functional description : public software version information .", "get software version info # # # software description : public software version information .", "get software version info # # # functional description : software software version information ."]
["the log any failure parameter indicates whether or not alluxio exceptions are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) .", "the alluxio exceptions are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) .", "the method parameter indicates whether or not alluxio exceptions are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) .", "the not alluxio exceptions are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) .", "the are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) ."]
["get properties of the cosmos db sql stored procedure .", "get resource of the cosmos db sql stored procedure .", "get name of the db sql stored properties .", "get name of the properties db sql stored procedure .", "get name of the cosmos sql stored properties ."]
["returns the configurations specified in the config file .", "returns the modules specified in the config file .", "returns the configurations .", "returns the configurations in the config file .", "returns the configurations git specified in the config file ."]
["returns a set .", "returns a unshifted ip addresses .", "returns unshifted ip addresses .", "returns a of unshifted ip addresses .", "returns a set ip addresses ."]
["params , request type and options defaults .", "params , request type defaults to null .", "params , request type and options defaults to null .", "params request type and defaults to null .", "params , request type and options defaults to ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the timezone timezone timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the timezone given timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the factory given timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the factory given reference timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["code snippet for block blob async client # stage block from url ( string , url , blob range )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block from url ( string blob range )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block from url ( url ,", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block from url ( url , blob range )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block url ( string , url , range )"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same", "and tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request"]
["compares with the given charset .", "compares this charset with the .", "compares this charset .", "compares this that with the given charset .", "compares this that with the given that ."]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where kursart = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository = ?"]
["returns if this has any mapping for the specified cell definition .", "returns if this has any mapping for the specified cell .", "returns if this has any mapping for the specified definition .", "returns if this has any mapping for the specified column cell .", "returns if this has any cell for the specified column definition ."]
["a type already exists fault is returned if the type already exists in the domain .", "is returned if the type already exists in the domain .", "a already exists fault is returned if the already exists in the domain .", "a type already exists fault is returned if the", "a fault is returned if the in the domain ."]
["issues m capture configs to camera capture session .", "issues request configs to camera capture session .", "issues m capture request configs to camera capture session .", "issues m capture configs to camera capture session .", "issues m capture to camera capture session ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of offset date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of offset time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of zoned offset time ."]
["configure a ssl config builder for the cluster using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder ssl config for the cluster using the legacy configuration", "configure a config for the cluster using the legacy configuration", "configure a config builder config for the cluster using the legacy configuration", "configure a builder config for the cluster using the legacy configuration"]
["get a color string from a warning index .", "get a color string", "returns a color string from a warning index", "get a color string from a warning index", "get a color string ."]
["use the pluggable parameter directly . . .", "use the pluggable parameters directly . . .", "use the parameter parameters directly . . .", "use the parameters directly . . .", "use the pluggable training directly . . ."]
["sets the value of the pic property .", "sets the value of the pic property .", "sets the value of the property .", "sets the pic of the spid property .", "sets the value of the query property ."]
["sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the border style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the top style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the range style of the individual cells on the top"]
["get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager instance manager container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager injection manager container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the manager instance manager container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the ranked injection manager instance manager container ."]
["this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field item .", "this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field .", "this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field", "this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field item .", "this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field item ."]
["test of print method , of class integer peak function .", "test of print method , of class integer peak function .", "test of print method , of class peak function histogram .", "test of print method , of class integer .", "test of print method , of class integer peak ."]
["instead displays the videos only , does not map videos to participants and does not display participants who do not have videos .", "displays the videos only , does not map videos to participants and does not display participants who do not have videos .", "displays the videos only , does not map videos to participants does not display participants who do not have videos .", "fixme instead displays the videos only , does not map videos to participants and does not display participants who do not have videos .", "instead displays the videos only , does not call videos to participants and does not display participants who do not have videos ."]
["this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # offset reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class reader ( string ) signature reader ) .", "this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # class bound reader ( string ) signature reader ) ."]
["second scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "second scenario : key button - > two windows appear , key button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , key esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "key scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed", "scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed"]
["for all other attribute types this method throws an", "for all other attribute types this method throws", "for all other attribute types this method throws a", "for all other attribute types this method throws a", "for all other attribute types this method throws an h ."]
["public factory method .", "factory method .", "drawable factory method .", "public drawable method .", "%UNK% method ."]
["creates a message channel that targets all the online players and the server .", "creates a message channel that targets all the online players .", "creates a message channel that targets all the online players .", "creates a message channel that targets all the online server and the console .", "creates a message channel that targets all the online players and the console ."]
["generates a code sample for using share async client # create file with response ( string , long , file http headers ,", "generates a code sample for using share async client # create http headers with response ( string , long , file httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for using share async client # create file with response ( string , long , file http ,", "generates a code sample for using share async client # create file with response ( string , long , http headers httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for using share async client # create file with response ( string , long , file http headers ,"]
["= question ?", "lhs pattern : = question ?", "pattern : = question ?", "lhs pattern : question ?", "lhs pattern question ?"]
["group : common", "group : common advanced", "group : %UNK%", "group", "group :"]
["if no authority is found a default agency is created .", "if no authority is found a agency is created and returned .", "if authority is found a default agency is created and returned .", "if no line is found a default agency is created and returned .", "a default agency is created and returned ."]
["obtains an instance of local date time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of local date time from a date - time .", "obtains an instance of local date time from a date object .", "obtains an instance of local date time from a date - time exception .", "obtains an instance of date time from a date - time object ."]
["get hide of total calculation .", "get hide total calculation .", "get hide grand total calculation .", "get hide grand calculation .", "get hide calculation ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the java type corresponding to the given internal name .", "returns the type corresponding to the given internal name .", "returns the value type corresponding to the given internal name .", "returns the object type corresponding to the given internal name .", "returns the type type corresponding to the given internal name ."]
["generate a challenge reasons from a string .", "generate a challenge from a string .", "generate a reasons reason from a string .", "generate an challenge reason from a string .", "generate a challenge reasons from a string ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["get resource of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "get table of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "get properties of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "get resource get of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "get resource resource of the cosmos db cassandra table ."]
["query may be randomly wrapped in a boolean query with a term that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic .", "query may be randomly wrapped in a query with a term that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic .", "query may be randomly wrapped with a term that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic .", "query may be randomly wrapped boolean query with a that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic .", "query may be randomly wrapped in a boolean query term that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic ."]
["see the strings config class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings .", "see the reader config class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings .", "see the strings class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings .", "see the config class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings .", "see the reader strings class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings ."]
["operation requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload", "operation requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload .", "requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload .", "list parts operation requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload .", "parts operation requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for share and debugging ."]
["if there are too many arguments , then the excess arguments are ignored .", "if there are too many arguments , then the format arguments are ignored .", "otherwise if there are too many arguments , then the excess arguments are ignored .", "if there are too excess map , then the excess arguments are ignored .", "if there are too many arguments , then the excess map are ignored ."]
["returns the object with the settings used for calls to get evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to get .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation audio .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to evaluation evaluation ."]
["tests the creation of a sha1 authentication code for the sha1 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha1 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha1 algorithm .", "tests the sha1 of a message authentication code for the sha1 algorithm .", "tests the creation of a message code for the sha1 algorithm ."]
["the desired repository for every service and component is changed <", "the desired mpacks for every service and component is changed <", "the desired repository for every service is changed <", "the desired repository for every mpacks and component is changed <", "the mpacks repository for every service and component is changed <"]
["the max party size of the server 0 or less for no size limit", "the party size of the server 0 or less for no size limit", "the mc size of the server 0 or less for no size limit", "the mc party size of the server 0 or less for no size limit", "the mc mmo size of the server 0 or less for no size limit"]
["returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local later time - line overlap .", "returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two offsets at a local time - line overlap .", "returns copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at local time - line overlap ."]
["this is the case if we find a non - optional association .", "this is the case if we find a association .", "this is the case if we returns a non - optional association .", "this is the case if returns find a non - optional association .", "this is the case if we find a subclasses association ."]
["sets the bytecode compatibility mode", "sets the target compatibility mode", "sets the bytecode target mode", "sets the bytecode compatibility mode .", "sets the bytecode bytecode mode"]
["queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this source service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this contact service for contacts match a specific query pattern ."]
["get the allowed users on some resources .", "get the users on some resources .", "get a allowed users on some resources .", "returns the allowed users on some resources .", "get the allowed users on a resources ."]
["gets the name minus the path from a full file name .", "gets the name minus the path from a full file .", "gets the name minus the path from a file name filename .", "gets the name minus the path from a full name name .", "gets the name minus the path from a file name ."]
["converts the specified article create / update / latest comment time ( long ) to date type .", "converts the specified article create / update / latest comment time to date type .", "converts the specified article create / update / latest comment time .", "converts the specified article create update / latest comment time ( to date type .", "converts the specified article create / update / latest comment time"]
["returns an immutable map containing seven mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing seven mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing seven mappings .", "returns a map containing seven mappings .", "returns an map containing seven mappings ."]
["returns whether re - ordering of files is needed .", "returns whether ordering of files is needed .", "returns whether dependency of files is needed .", "returns whether of files is needed .", "returns whether none of files is needed ."]
["the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prepare is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to prepare player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the library is done ."]
["loads the values of a table stored in a text file as a results table .", "loads the values of a table stored in a text file as a .", "loads the values of a table stored in a text file .", "loads the values of table stored in text file as results table .", "loads the values of a table stored in a text file results ."]
["resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules to create configuration .", "resolves a collection with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of with service binding , to create configuration .", "resolves a collection of root modules service binding , to configuration ."]
["creates a new unformatted translatable text . builder with the given translation .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text . builder .", "creates a new translatable text . builder with the given translation and arguments .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text . builder and arguments .", "creates a new unformatted translatable text . builder arguments ."]
["checks permission to a cluster action for a given request .", "checks permission to a action for a given request .", "checks permission to a authentication action for a given request .", "checks permission for an cluster action for a given request .", "checks permission to an action for a given request ."]
["returns the registered domain service implementing the requested type .", "returns the first registered service implementing the requested type .", "returns the default registered domain service implementing the requested type .", "returns the service registered domain service implementing the requested type .", "returns the service implementing the requested type ."]
["creates a default dbscan", "creates a dbscan", "creates a default handler", "creates a default clusterer", "returns a default dbscan"]
["description = \" weld \"", "description = \" \"", "description = weld - \"", "description = \" %UNK% - 80 \"", "description = weld - \""]
["code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux , long , string )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux , string )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux , string )", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux ,", "code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux ,"]
["code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders ( http headers httpheaders )", "code snippets for blob client # set http headers ( blob http headers )", "code snippets for blob client # set ( blob http headers )", "code snippets ( http headers client # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )", "code snippets for http headers client # set httpheaders ( http headers httpheaders )"]
["if neither continuing or ended will default to tools . status # unknown .", "if neither continuing or ended will default to show tools . status # unknown .", "if neither continuing or ended will default to show status # unknown .", "if neither continuing or ended will default to upcoming tools . status # unknown .", "if neither continuing or ended will default to show tools . status # unknown ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["todo : change this into get track info ( )", "todo : change this into get track info ( )", "todo : change this into get track info ( )", ": change this into get track info ( )", "todo : change this into get info ( )"]
["sets decryption as crypto job", "sets decryption as crypto", "sets crypto job as failed", "sets crypto as failed", "sets decryption as crypto ."]
["indicates if the processing chunk can continue .", "indicates if the chunk loop can continue .", "returns .", "indicates if returns .", "indicates if the processing chunk state ."]
["the current persisted checkpoint which can be advanced by # mark seq no as completed ( long ) .", "the current checkpoint which can be advanced by persisted # mark seq no as completed ( long ) .", "the persisted checkpoint which can be advanced by # mark seq no as completed ( long ) .", "the current persisted which can be advanced by # mark seq no as completed ( long ) .", "the current checkpoint which can be advanced by # mark seq no by persisted completed ( long ) ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["this property is defined by jdbc as for use with gui ( or other ) tools that might deploy the datasource .", "this property is defined by jdbc as for use with gui that might deploy the datasource .", "this property is defined by jdbc as for use with gui tools that might deploy the datasource .", "this property is defined by jdbc as for use with ( or other ) tools that might deploy the datasource .", "this property is defined by jdbc as for use with gui might deploy the datasource ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for bot and debugging ."]
["and parent id = ? .", "and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? ."]
["tests if this char sequence starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this char sequence with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified prefixes ."]
["a accessor represents some form of and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time represents some form of date and information ."]
["add a new taglet .", "add a new .", "adds a new taglet .", "add an taglet .", "add a new custom ."]
["adds a bridge handler instance to jul ' s root logger .", "adds a log4j bridge handler instance to jul .", "adds the log4j bridge handler instance to jul ' s root logger .", "adds log4j bridge handler instance to jul ' s root logger .", "adds an log4j bridge handler instance to jul ' s root logger ."]
["build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all janus config options relevant to transport client or node .", "build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all titan config options relevant to transport client or node .", "build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all titan janus options relevant to transport client or node .", "build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all titan config options relevant to janus client or node .", "build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all graph config options relevant to transport client or node ."]
["when the file is being requested on this path should returned and no exception should be thrown .", "when the file is being requested on this path , null should returned and no exception should be thrown .", "when the file is being requested on this null should returned and no exception should be thrown .", "when the file is being requested on this path null should returned and .", "when the file is being requested on this path null should returned and no exception should be thrown ."]
["returns the subset of nodes matching the given first node type", "returns the subset of node matching the given node type", "returns the subset of rest matching the given node type", "returns the subset of enum matching the given node type", "returns the subset of nodes matching the given node type types"]
["locking the date - time to a single offset means that any future calculations , such as addition or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules .", "locking the date - time to a single fixed means that any future calculations , such as addition or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules .", "locking the date - time to a single offset means that any fixed calculations , such as addition or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules .", "fixed the date - time to a single offset means that any future calculations , such as addition or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules .", "locking the date - time to a single offset means that any future calculations , such as fixed or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules ."]
["return ( perhaps after creation ) the tribe based on provided best sample .", "return ( perhaps after creation ) the tribes based on provided best sample .", "return ( perhaps after creation ) the head based on provided best sample .", "return ( perhaps after creation ) the flock based on provided tribe sample .", "return ( perhaps after creation ) the %UNK% based on provided best sample ."]
["set the value and socket timeout .", "set the connection and socket value .", "set the socket timeout .", "set the connection and value timeout .", "set the connection timeout ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural owldatatype for more details .", "structural prefix for more details ."]
["the ec key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec create key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the create options # get type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["validates whether hash in signature algorithm is safe to use for hash type signature .", "validates whether hash in hash type is safe to use for digital signature .", "validates whether hash in hash algorithm is safe to use for digital hash .", "validates whether in signature hash type is safe to use for digital signature .", "validates whether hash in hash is safe to use for digital signature ."]
["retrieves a matching open api property for a provided ballerina type .", "retrieves a matching open property for a provided ballerina type .", "retrieves a matching swagger property for a provided ballerina type .", "retrieves a matching property for a provided ballerina type .", "retrieves a matching api api property for a provided ballerina type ."]
["timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae", "timed invoke any throws iae", "timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae .", "timed test any ( empty collection ) throws iae", "timed random any ( empty collection ) throws iae"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["data are saved to temporary storage only and are accessible during this session life only and only from this session instance .", "are saved to temporary storage only and are accessible during this session life only and only from this session instance .", "data are saved to temporary storage and are accessible during this session life and from this session instance .", "software are saved to temporary storage only and are accessible during this session life only and only from this session instance .", "data are saved to storage only and are accessible during this session life only and only from this session instance ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found", "or throws a so no such member request exception if it could not be found ."]
["if - - entity parameter has been specified , - - interface parameter will be mandatory .", "entity parameter has been specified , - - will be mandatory .", "otherwise if - - entity parameter has been specified , - - interface parameter will be mandatory .", "if - - entity parameter has been specified will be mandatory .", "has been specified , - - interface parameter will be mandatory ."]
["returns the next router available .", "returns the router available .", "returns the next next router available .", "returns the minimum router available .", "returns the first router available ."]
["creates a new schema info level builder settings for .", "creates a new schema info level with settings for maximum schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder for maximum .", "creates a new schema level builder with settings for maximum schema information .", "creates a new schema info level builder with settings ."]
["determines whether or not the delete data source action should be enabled", "determines whether or not the delete data source action should be enabled .", "determines whether or not the delete data %UNK% action should be enabled", "determines whether or not the delete version source action should be enabled", "determines whether or not the %UNK% data source action should be enabled"]
["returns the object with the settings used for calls to list .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to list evaluation jobs .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to list evaluation .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to paged evaluation jobs .", "returns the object with the settings used for calls to paged evaluation ."]
["returns the schema version of the given os shared realm .", "returns the schema version of the given shared realm .", "returns the schema version of the given realm .", "returns the schema version of the shared realm .", "returns the schema version of the given os realm ."]
["however , this can be modified by calling # set reader factory ( ) set reader factory", "however , this can be modified by calling # set reader factory ( factory ) set reader factory", "however , this can be modified by calling # set reader factory ( reader factory ) set reader factory .", "however , this can be modified by calling # set reader factory ( set reader factory .", "however , this can be modified by calling # reader factory ( configuration reader factory ) set reader factory ."]
["unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc get _ messages result _ get _ messages", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ result _ get get _ messages", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc get messages _ get _ messages", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ result _ get _ _ get _", "unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc get messages result _ _ messages"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["load a java class object for the given class name using the classpath environment variable .", "load a java class object for the given class name .", "load a java class object for the given class name using the environment variable .", "load a java class object for the given class name using the classpath", "returns a java class object for the given class name using the classpath environment variable ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["\" type \" and \" name \" and a validation logic for the given full key .", "\" name \" and a validation logic for the given full key .", "and \" name \" and a validation logic for the given full key .", "and a validation logic for the given full key .", "\" key \" and \" name \" and a validation logic for the given full key ."]
["once this method returns , the combined use case config can be retrieved with # get use case config ( ) .", "once this method returns , the combined use config configuration can be retrieved with # get use config configuration ( ) .", "once this method returns , the combined use case can be retrieved with # get use case ( ) .", "once this method returns , the combined use config can be retrieved with # get use config ( ) .", "once this method returns , the use case can be retrieved with # get use case get use config ( ) ."]
["start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - supplier service binding ."]
["note that this rule will be inserted in vni table .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni ( 0 ) .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 ) and table .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 ) and table type .", "note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 or table ) ."]
["starts keeper and sets up rocks db .", "starts book keeper .", "starts book keeper and sets up rocks db .", "starts book keeper and sets up db .", "starts book keeper and sets up rocks ."]
["runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # is running is false .", "runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # running is false .", "runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # _ running false .", "runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # is is false .", "runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # _ is running is false ."]
["consider calling aar resource repository cache . get source repository instead of this method .", "consider calling resource repository cache . get source repository instead of this method .", "consider calling aar resource repository cache . get source repository instead of this method .", "consider calling the aar resource repository cache . get source repository instead of this method .", "consider calling aar resource repository source , caching . get source repository instead of this method ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where repository folder id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id id = ?"]
["does not consume .", "does consume anything .", ".", "consume anything .", "returns ."]
["finds a rule instance for the given rule class name", "finds a rule instance for the given rule name", "finds a rule instance for the given rule class name", "finds an rule instance for the given rule class name", "finds the rule instance for the given rule class name"]
["this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .", "this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified properties of versions .", "this will return the properties of secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .", "this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified properties versions .", "this will return the properties secret secrets with values included of the specified versions ."]
["checks is s1 starts with s2 ( compares tolerant )", "checks is s1 starts ( compares ascii tolerant )", "checks is s1 starts with s2 ( compares ascii tolerant )", "checks is s1 starts with s2 ( compares tolerant ignore diacritics )", "checks is starts with s2 ( compares ascii tolerant )"]
["the field in the key determines whether a poolable prepared statement or poolable callable statement is created .", "the field in the key determines whether a prepared statement or callable statement is created .", "the field in the key determines whether a poolable prepared statement is created .", "the field in the key determines whether a poolable prepared statement callable statement is created .", "the field in the key determines whether a poolable prepared statement or poolable delegating statement is created ."]
["sets the reorder mode of this edit session .", "sets the reorder mode of this session .", "sets the reorder mode of this reorder session .", "sets the reorder mode of this flush session .", "sets the reorder mode of this mode session ."]
["this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses data stores tend to have .", "this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses stores tend to have .", "this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses data tend to have .", "this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses stores tend to have .", "this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses stores tend"]
["try to load norms data .", "try to load norms data from the provided stream .", "try to load norms data stream .", "try to norms path from the provided input stream .", "try to load norms data from this ."]
["add a amount with the given time unit .", "add a duration with the given amount unit .", "add a duration with the given time amount .", "add a duration with the given time amount .", "add a duration with the given amount ."]
["name of task", "name of task .", "name of schedule", "name of match", "name of task task"]
["get auftrag .", "get mahnung .", "get rabatt .", "get zahlung .", "get knoten ."]
["whether this codec is capable of processing the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of class the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of java the given java type .", "whether this codec is capable of processing the given class type .", "of processing the given java type ."]
["tells if the show / display name events must be hidden in the messages list .", "show if the avatar / display name events must be hidden in the messages list .", "tells if the avatar / display name events must be hidden in the show list .", "tells if the avatar name events must be hidden in the messages list .", "tells if the display name events must be hidden in the messages list ."]
["attributes already has instructor privileges .", "google id already has privileges .", "has instructor privileges .", "id already has instructor privileges .", "instructor google attributes already has instructor privileges ."]
["configure the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "returns the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "configure a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "set the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers ."]
["constuct a log event .", "constuct a trace log .", "a trace log event .", "constuct trace log event .", "constuct a returns log event ."]
["calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its dependant plugins .", "calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its dependents plugins .", "calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its dependant plugins .", "calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its dependent plugins .", "calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its plugins ."]
["sets a media sources to be used by the test runner .", "sets a sources source to be used by the test runner .", "sets a sources to be used by the test runner .", "sets a media sources to be used by the test runner .", "sets a media to be used by the test runner ."]
["if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "in the module then the resource is not .", "if the resource is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the resource stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated ."]
["object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "class chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "value chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .", "unit chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) ."]
["determines if an is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user successfully logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user logs on with his / her ad account .", "determines if an is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her account ."]
["gets the update strategy . .", "returns the update strategy . .", "gets the strategy . .", "gets the returns strategy . .", "gets the update ."]
["get the estimator", "get the estimator estimator", "get the estimator type", "get the estimator density", "gets the estimator type"]
["returns the the factor type of this challenge .", "returns the the factor type of this challenge .", "returns the the factor type .", "returns the the factor factor of this challenge .", "returns this challenge ."]
["specifies the button ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "specifies the button ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "specifies the button ' s color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .", "specifies the button ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer", "specifies the button background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer ."]
["we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest running spawn runner name across all phases .", "we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest spawn runner name across all phases .", "we will also set the longest phase runner name to the longest running runner name across all phases .", "we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest running spawn runner name all phases .", "we will also set phase spawn runner name to running spawn runner name across all phases ."]
["the generated hot stream is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated connectable is not pausable , for a pausable connectable @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot connectable executor ) .", "the generated connectable is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated hot is not pausable , for a pausable hot connectable @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot stream ( executor ) .", "the hot connectable is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot stream ( executor ) ."]
["calculates all distances of atoms between this cell and the given cell returning that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts", "calculates all of atoms between this cell and the given cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts", "calculates all distances of atoms between this cell and the given cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts", "calculates distances of atoms between this cell and the given cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts", "calculates all distances of atoms between this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts"]
["the connection would be what would distinguish an \" file appender \" from a \" network appender \" .", "the connection be what would distinguish an \" file appender \" from a \" network appender \" .", "the be what would distinguish an \" file appender \" from a \" network appender \" .", "the be what would distinguish an file appender \" from a \" network appender \" .", "the would be what would distinguish an \" file appender \" from a \" network appender \" ."]
["a requirement is considered complete if it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull .", "considered complete if it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull .", "it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull .", "the requirement is considered complete if it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull .", "an is considered complete if it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull ."]
["edits existing log schema .", "edits existing save schema .", "edits existing save log .", "edits existing save .", "edits existing schema ."]
["adds an values to values .", "adds a values to values .", "adds a to values .", "adds an value to values .", "adds a values ."]
["create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates type of key to create .", "the key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the options # get type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key options options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to ."]
["this method is called when remove is already happened .", "this method is called .", "this method is called is already happened .", "this method is called when is already happened .", "this method is called when replication is already happened ."]
["helper method that allows for registration of a regexp to the class white list .", "helper method that allows for registration of a regexp to the white list .", "helper method that allows for registration of a regexp to the", "helper method that allows for registration of a regexp to the list white list .", "white method that allows for registration of a regexp to the class white list ."]
["returns all with puts ids that have records in the provided segment .", "returns all ids that have records in the provided segment .", "returns all with puts puts ids that have records in the provided segment .", "returns the ids that have records in the provided segment .", "returns all ids with puts puts that have records in the provided segment ."]
["get service configuration dynamic configuration .", "get service locator instance configuration dynamic configuration .", "get service locator manager configuration dynamic configuration .", "get service locator manager manager configuration dynamic configuration .", "get service configuration locator locator manager ."]
["sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the serializer , returning the builder for method chaining ."]
["if the old password is supplied , the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions .", "if the password is supplied , the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions .", "the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions .", "if the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions .", "if the user password is supplied , the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions ."]
["removes a key map if the .", "removes a key from the map .", "removes the map if the corresponding map is empty .", "removes a key from the map if the corresponding map is empty .", "removes a key from the map corresponding ."]
["returns the document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the lucene document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the document document with the given root path from the index .", "returns the lucene document with the given root path from the document .", "returns the lucene document with the given document path from the index ."]
["notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event event", "connection this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event", "notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named"]
["the key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates type of key to create .", "the options # get type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key options create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to ."]
["deletes the specified resources .", "deletes the executes resources .", "deletes a specified resources .", "deletes the resources .", "deletes the specified path ."]
["since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # retrieve application info ( ) from any shard .", "since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # application info ( ) from any shard .", "since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # get retrieve application info ( ) from any shard .", "since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # get application info ( ) from any shard .", "since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # get retrieve info ( ) from any shard ."]
["at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version and with java version .", "at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version ( and up ) .", "at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version ( up ) with java version ( and .", "at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version ( and up ) and .", "at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version ( and up ) java version ( and ."]
["set the fragment associated with this destination", "set the class associated with this destination", "set the associated with this destination", "set the name associated with this destination", "set the class name associated with this destination"]
["otherwise this returns the result of cell # get cell type ( ) .", "otherwise this returns the result of cell # type enum ( ) .", "otherwise this returns the result of cell # get cell type ( ) .", "otherwise this returns the result of cell # get cell enum ( ) .", "otherwise this returns the result of cell # get cell type ( ) ."]
["find assisted query column .", "get find query column .", "assisted query column .", "get assisted query column .", "get query column ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details ."]
["removes recursively all empty parent directories up to and excluding the directory .", "removes recursively all empty parent directories up to and excluding the output directory .", "removes recursively all empty parent directories up to and excluding the output .", "removes recursively all empty parent directories up to .", "removes recursively all empty directories up to and excluding the output directory ."]
["return the configured # set handle ping ( boolean )", "return the configured # set ping ( boolean )", "return the configured # set handle ping ( insertion boolean )", "return the configured # set handle ( boolean )", "return the configured # set handle ping ( boolean )"]
["returns a map for canonical time zone ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids .", "returns a map for short time zone ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids .", "returns a map for short canonical zone ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids .", "returns a map for time canonical ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids .", "returns a map for short time ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids ."]
["use # set vaadin date ( date ) to change the current date .", "use # set date ( vaadin date ) to change the current date .", "use # set vaadin date ( time date ) to change the current date .", "use # set date time ( date time date time ) to change date time current date .", "use # set date ( time date ) to change the current date ."]
["provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a current environment .", "provides a list of all configs wrappers corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection corresponding to a current environment ."]
["or throws a calendar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["the name is a ' / ' - separated path name that identifies the resource .", "the name is a ' / ' - separated name that identifies the resource .", "the name is the ' / ' - separated path name that identifies the resource .", "the name is a ' / ' - separated name", "the name is a ' / ' - separated name identifies the resource ."]
["creates all base content types .", "creates all content types .", "creates all base types .", "creates all list types .", "creates base content types ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose target is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter ."]
["set the number of expected for this task .", "set the number of expected records for this task .", "set the number of expected records .", "set the number of expected records .", "sets the number of expected records for this task ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns true if there is at least one workspace active ( it ' s status is different from", "returns true if there is at active one workspace running ( it ' s status is different from", "returns true if there is at least one active running ( it ' s status is different from", "returns true if there is at least one workspace running ( it ' s status is different from", "returns true if there is at least one workspace active ( it ' s status is different from"]
["or throws a sync no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a sync . no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a sync . no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found .", "or throws sync . no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found ."]
["once the generated app glide module is written , we expect to be finished .", "once the generated glide module is written , we expect to be finished .", "once the generated root app module is written , we expect to be finished .", "once the generated root glide app is written , we expect to be finished .", "once the generated root glide module is written , we expect to be finished ."]
["provides a function that updates the payload value of an core event by replacing it with a cursor provider .", "provides a function that updates the payload value of an event by replacing it with a cursor provider .", "provides a function that updates the payload value of a core event by replacing it with a cursor provider .", "provides a function that updates the payload value of an core event by core it with a cursor provider .", "provides a function that updates the payload value of an core event replacing it with cursor ."]
["build a data access point , including data service custom at resource svc", "build a data access point , including custom data service at resource svc", "build a data access point , including data service at resource svc", "build a data access point , custom at resource svc", "build a data access point , including data custom at resource svc"]
["returns .", "returns is empty .", "returns ' true .", "returns ' empty ' if the stream is empty .", "returns ' is ' if the stream is empty ."]
["returns the prop variables from template header .", "returns the identifier variables from template header .", "returns the variables from template header .", "returns the template header .", "returns the var variables from template header ."]
["for the given input shape / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) network configuration , return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph .", "for the given input / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) network configuration , return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph .", "for the given input shape / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) configuration , return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph .", "for the given input shape / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) network return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph .", "for the given input shape / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) network , return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph ."]
["hide toggle button \" add self hosted / sign in with word press . com \" and show self hosted url edit box", "toggle button \" add self hosted / sign in with word press . com \" and show self hosted url edit box", "hide toggle button \" add self hosted / sign in with press . com \" and show self hosted url edit box", "hide toggle button \" add self hosted / sign in with com \" and show self hosted url edit box", "hide toggle button \" add self hosted / sign in with %UNK% press . com \" and show self hosted url edit box"]
["convert a date string into a date object .", "convert a date string .", "convert a and time string into a object .", "convert a date string and into a object .", "convert string and time string into date object ."]
["build a normalized \" to string \" text for an object .", "build a normalized \" to nice string \" text for an object .", "build a string \" text for an object .", "build a normalized nice \" to string \" text for an object .", "build a normalized - \" to string \" text for an object ."]
["call android build common utils # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout .", "call android android build utils # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout .", "call android common android build # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout .", "android build android common utils # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout .", "call android common utils # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout ."]
["if you ' re asking what is to be used in a production environment , simply the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately .", "if you ' re asking what is to be used in a production , simply use the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately .", "if you ' re asking what is to be used in a production simply use the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately .", "if you ' asking what is to be used in a production simply use the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately .", "if you ' re asking what is to be used in a production environment , simply but describe the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately ."]
["launch a jnlp slave created by # create jnlp slave ( string )", "launch a the jnlp slave created by # create jnlp slave ( string )", "launch a jnlp slave created by # slave ( string )", "launch a the slave created by # create jnlp slave ( string )", "launch slave created by # create jnlp slave ( string )"]
["given a dataset graph and a query , form a dataset graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection of graphs from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs .", "given graph and query , form a dataset graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection of graphs from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs .", "given a dataset graph and a query , form a dataset graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs .", "given a query , form a dataset graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection of graphs from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs .", "given and query , form a graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection of graphs from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs ."]
["if false , the built - in ( implementation for batch normalization will be used", "if false , the built - in ( dnn ) implementation for batch normalization will be used", "if false , the built - in ( ) implementation for batch normalization will be used", "if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for batch normalization will be used", "if false , the built - in implementation for batch normalization will be used"]
["we don ' t know priority for these , other than definition / model order , which appears to be what excel uses .", "we don ' t priority for these , other than definition / model order , which appears to be what excel uses .", "we don ' t know priority for these , other than definition model order , which appears to be what excel uses .", "know priority for these , other than definition / model order , which appears to be what excel uses .", "for these , other than definition / model order , which appears to be what excel uses ."]
["returns a reader containing the content text .", "returns a reader containing the strings text .", "returns a strings containing the content text .", "returns the reader containing the content text .", "returns a reader containing the content strings ."]
["clears the value of the ' value type ' field", "clears the value of the type field", "clears the value of the ' value ' field", "clears the value of the type ' field", "clears the value of value type ' field"]
["sets the value of the spin value source property .", "sets the value of the spin value property .", "sets the value of the ext spin value property .", "sets the value of the spin source property .", "sets the value of the id spin value source property ."]
["if key filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if keys = \" abc1234 \" , key filter with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a key equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned ."]
["get file handler .", "get application file handler .", "get bestellmenge handler .", "get file .", "get file registration ."]
["get properties of the cosmos db gremlin database .", "get resource of the cosmos db gremlin database .", "get name of the properties db gremlin database .", "get name of the cosmos db gremlin properties .", "get resource resource of the cosmos db gremlin database ."]
["explicitly does not clone the deep structure of the request object .", "explicitly does not clone the structure of the request object .", "does not clone the deep structure of the request object .", "explicitly does not clone the deep structure of the request service .", "explicitly does not clone the deep structure of the service object ."]
["the doclet / taglet tests are performed in the begin method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect the doclet / taglet class variants .", "taglet tests are performed in the begin method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect taglet class variants .", "begin method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect the doclet / taglet class variants .", "/ taglet tests are performed in begin method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect the doclet / taglet class variants .", "the doclet / taglet tests are performed in the method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect the doclet / taglet class variants ."]
["the addition of a duration is always absolute and amount - resolvers are not required .", "the addition of a duration is always absolute and duration - resolvers are not required .", "the addition of a duration is always absolute and seconds - resolvers are not required .", "the addition of the duration is always absolute and zone - resolvers are not required .", "the addition of a duration is always absolute ."]
["the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be etd type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # type ( ) product type must be product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get product type ( ) product type must be etd product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown ."]
["set the content disposition property : sets the ' s", "set content disposition property : sets file ' s", "set the file disposition property : sets the file ' s", "content disposition property : sets file ' s", "set content disposition property : sets ' s"]
["kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use metric stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates ."]
["renders this vertex into the given vertex buffer , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the given vertex buffer builder , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the given buffer , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the given buffer builder , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the given vertex buffer builder assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block ."]
["picks a suitable configuration to use for resource resolution", "picks a suitable configuration to use for resolution", "picks a suitable configuration to use", "picks a suitable configuration to use for resource resolution .", "picks a suitable configuration to use for configuration resolution"]
["returns query classes whose equals ( ) and hash code ( ) methods can be validated by equals verifier .", "returns query classes whose equals ( ) hash code ( methods can be validated by equals verifier .", "returns list classes whose equals ( ) and hash code ( ) methods can be validated by equals verifier .", "hash code ( ) methods can be validated by equals verifier .", "returns query classes whose list ( ) and hash code ( ) methods can be validated by equals verifier ."]
["verify descriptor in the catalog according to recording id .", "verify descriptor in the catalog according checking recording files availability and contents .", "verify descriptor in the catalog according to recording , checking recording files availability contents .", "verify descriptor in the catalog according to recording , checking recording files availability and contents .", "verify descriptor in the catalog according to recording id contents ."]
["close all pools associated with this class .", "all pools associated with this class .", "close all pools associated .", "close all pools associated with this class .", "close all close associated with this class ."]
["encrypts the byte array by using the configured # get cipher service ( ) cipher .", "encrypts the byte array by using the configured # get service cipher ( ) cipher .", "encrypts the byte array by using the configured # get cipher ( ) cipher .", "encrypts the byte array by using the configured # get cipher ( ) service cipher .", "encrypts the byte array by using the configured # ( ) cipher ."]
["resets the analytics collector for a new media source .", "resets the analytics collector for a new media .", "resets the analytics collector .", "resets the analytics collector for a new source .", "resets the analytics collector for a new ."]
["returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .", "returns the string corresponding to this java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this type .", "returns the corresponding to this java type .", "returns the builder corresponding to this java type ."]
["called when a track info is selected .", "called when a library info is selected .", "called when the track info is selected .", "called when an track info is selected .", "called when an info is selected ."]
["sttc counter .", "sttc sttc .", "sttc .", "sttc creates .", "sttc returns ."]
["gets the sitemap site selector options .", "gets the site sitemap selector options .", "gets the site selector options .", "gets the selector sitemap selector options .", "gets the site site sitemap options ."]
["returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found .", "returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a akismet no such data exception if it could not be found .", "returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a no such data exception if it could not be found .", "returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a . no such data exception if it could not be found .", "returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found ."]
["the secret is required .", "the key vault secret is required .", "the secret is key .", "the key secret is required .", "a secret is required ."]
["same as # is pipeline config set ( long , pi pipeconf , but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long , pi pipeconf but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long , pi pipeconf ) but blocks execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( long pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but execution .", "same as # is pipeline config set ( , pi pipeconf , byte but blocks execution ."]
["wraps the given buffer .", "wraps the given with surrounding script tags .", "wraps the given . with surrounding script tags .", "wraps the given script tags .", "wraps the given ."]
["get the files for the selected group", "get the result files for the selected group", "get the abstract files for the selected group", "abstract files for the selected group", "get files for the selected group"]
["the default cluster selector if all others fail .", "the default load selector if all others fail .", "the default cluster load selector if all others fail .", "the default cluster selector balancer if all others fail .", "the default cluster selector if all others selector ."]
["notify the partition that some local partitions have been demoted from leader .", "notify the manager that some local partitions have been partition from leader .", "notify the manager that some local partition have been demoted from leader .", "notify the partition id that some local partitions have been demoted from leader .", "notify the manager that some local partitions have been demoted from partition ."]
["test always uses the zone default resources", "resources always uses the zone default flavor", "test always uses the zone default flavor", "test always uses the zone default", "test always uses the resources default flavor"]
["saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .", "saves all dictionary entries that appeared threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 ."]
["if key filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if key = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if filter = \" \" , settings with any key are returned .", "if key filter , settings with any key are returned ."]
["allows to capture and then assert on a throwable .", "allows to capture and then assert on an throwable .", "allows to capture and then assert on the throwable .", "allows to assert and then assert on a throwable .", "allows to abstract and then assert on a throwable ."]
["however , since we inject the constant annotation interface the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the interface annotation marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the constant interface marker the interface proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the interface marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .", "however , since we inject the annotation interface the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces ."]
["adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a parameter .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a sensitivity .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a amount .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a value ."]
["adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate set into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of set certificate holder into certificates map ."]
["use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag cross .", "use _ credentials : cross - origin cross requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .", "use _ cross : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the cross flag set ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["use the plain # add delivery ( shipment job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add delivery ( job shipment , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add delivery ( shipment , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add delivery ( add job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add shipment job ( shipment , time window ) instead ."]
["returns true if the given key stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators .", "returns true if the given stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators .", "returns true if the given key stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators .", "returns true if the key stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators .", "returns true if the given key key stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators ."]
["there must be exactly one bd # search predicate .", "there must be exactly one # search predicate .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate or uri .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate and uri .", "there must be exactly one bd # search predicate , uri ."]
["default is false .", "default is not false .", "default is .", "default is socket .", "is false ."]
["injector used in fluent object factory for creating instances", "injector used in fluent object factory for creating instances .", "injector used in object factory for creating instances", "injector used in fluent object factory for creating injector", "injector used in fluent injector factory for creating instances"]
["embeds a rel whose value comes from a @ link rest repository .", "embeds a rel whose value comes from a rest repository .", "embeds a rel whose value comes from a link repository", "embeds a rel whose value comes from a link repository .", "embeds a rel whose value comes from a link repository ."]
["a com . sun . source . tree . tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults .", "source . tree . tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults .", "a source . tree . tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults .", "a com . sun . source tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults .", "sun . source . tree . tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation on the on start class class", "virtue of the on start annotation on the on start class class", "this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation", "this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation", "virtue of on start annotation on the on start class class"]
["asserts that the error message , root bean class and invalid value of the given violation are equal to the expected message , root bean class and invalid value .", "asserts that the error message , root bean class invalid value of the given violation are equal to the expected message , bean class and invalid .", "asserts that the error message , root bean class invalid value of the given violation are equal to the expected message , bean class and invalid .", "asserts that the error message , root bean class are equal to the expected message , root bean class and invalid value .", "asserts that the error message bean class and invalid are equal to the expected message , root bean class and invalid value ."]
["method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message from an upstream operator .", "method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last run message output from an upstream operator ."]
["tests if the nbt list matches with the supplied predicate tester", "tests if the nbt list matches", "tests if the nbt list matches with the supplied predicate tester .", "tests if the incoming list matches with the supplied predicate tester", "tests if the resource list matches with the supplied predicate tester"]
["check and verify return registration response . decline when failed to start a job master leader retrieval listener", "check and verify return registration response . decline when failed to start a job master leader listener", "test and verify return registration response . decline when failed to start a job master leader retrieval listener", "check and verify return response . decline when failed to start a job master leader retrieval listener", "check and verify return registration response . decline when failed to start a job master listener"]
["adds interactions to the specified component .", "adds default to the specified component .", "adds interaction interactions to the specified component .", "adds default interactions to the specified interaction .", "adds add interactions to the specified component ."]
["ioexception will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call .", "ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call .", "ioe ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call .", "will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call .", "ioexception ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call ."]
["redoes the next command associated with the given display ( if one exists ) .", "redoes the next display associated with the given object ( if one exists ) .", "redoes the next command associated with the given object .", "redoes the next command associated .", "display the next command associated with the given object ( if one exists ) ."]
["returns a formatted string : \" artist - title [ version ] \"", "returns a formatted string : \" artist - title version ] \"", "returns a string : \" artist - title [ ] \"", "returns an string : \" artist - title [ version ] \"", "returns a string : artist - [ version ] \""]
["finds the source file with the smallest coverage percentage for a given metric .", "finds the file with the smallest coverage percentage for a given metric .", "finds the source file smallest coverage percentage for a .", "finds the source file smallest coverage percentage for a metric .", "finds the source file the smallest coverage percentage for ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["adds the given word into the given string builder with the start and end times from the given features .", "adds the given word into the given builder buffer with the start and end times from the given features .", "adds the given word into the given string builder with the start and end times from the given features .", "adds the given word into the given string with the start and end times from the given features .", "adds the given word into the given builder with the start and end times from the given features ."]
["get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given instance provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service instance hk2 service instance container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service holder hk2 service holder container .", "get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given holder provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container ."]
["is name by file name and check name .", "is matching by file name .", "is matching by name name and check name .", "is matching by file name name .", "is matching by file name and name name ."]
["convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes if necessary .", "returns the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the profile if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes ."]
["returns an immutable map containing two mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing two mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing two mappings .", "returns an map containing two mappings .", "returns a map containing two mappings ."]
["add the argument to the value of this int .", "add the argument to the value of this .", "add the argument to the value of this long .", "add the argument to the value of this int int .", "add the argument to the value of this int ."]
["output stream output , int dpi , float compression quality ) for more details .", "output stream output , int dpi , float quality ) for more details .", "compression stream stream compression stream , int dpi , float quality ) for more details .", "output stream output , int float compression , float quality ) for more details .", "output stream output , compression dpi , float quality ) for more details ."]
["# # # \u24d8 further information : nodes must be in same parent .", "\u24d8 further information : nodes must be in same parent .", "# \u24d8 further information : nodes must be in same parent .", "# # # \u24d8 further information : var must be in same parent .", "\u24d8 further information : nodes must be in same parent ."]
["parses the vector3 represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the set represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the this represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .", "parses the vector3 by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) ."]
["retrieve list of all jobs by connector", "retrieve list of the jobs by connector", "retrieve list of all jobs by connector .", "retrieve list of all jobs by jobs", "retrieve list of all jobs by the connector"]
["additional tests on key - sig , which may get adjusted .", "additional tests on peak - sig , which may get adjusted .", "additional tests on key , which may get adjusted .", "additional tests on invalid - sig , which may get adjusted .", "additional tests on good - sig , which may get adjusted ."]
["create an immutable view of this vector3f .", "create a view of this vector3f .", "create an view of this vector3f .", "returns an immutable view of this vector3f .", "create an immutable view of the vector3f ."]
["what we do in this method is look for temporary dependencies of the type \" rel \" .", "what we do in this method is look for dependencies of the type \" rel \" .", "what we do in this method is look for temporary dependencies of the type \" \" .", "what we do in this method is look for temporary dependencies of the type rel .", "what we do in this method is look for temporary dependencies of the type \" ."]
["creates a dynamic realm instance with a given shared realm instance without owning it .", "creates a dynamic realm instance with a given os shared realm instance without owning it .", "creates a dynamic realm instance with a given realm instance without owning it .", "creates a dynamic realm instance with a given os realm instance without owning it .", "creates a dynamic realm instance with a given shared realm instance ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each planar across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["tests creating a distributed subregion of a local scope region , which should fail .", "tests creating a distributed subregion of a local scope region .", "tests creating a region subregion of a local scope region , which should fail .", "tests creating an region subregion of a local scope region , which should fail .", "tests creating an subregion of a local scope region , which should fail ."]
["scenario : - ca is only in service trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in api trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust api , as it does not trust ca - api trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in iapi trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust iapi , as it does not trust ca - iapi trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in gateway trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust gateway , as it does not trust ca - gateway trusts gateway via ca", "scenario : - ca is only in api store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca"]
["the min occurs of a result is 0 .", "a web result is 0 .", "the min occurs of a web result is 0 .", "the min min of a web result is 0 .", "the min occurs of an result is 0 ."]
["delete an object from string if it exists", "delete an string from array if it exists", "delete a string from array if it exists", "delete a from array if it exists", "delete an object from data if it exists"]
["lhs unary : = ( lhs exists | lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?", "= ( lhs exists | lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?", "lhs unary : = ( lhs exists lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?", "( lhs exists | lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?", "lhs unary : = lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?"]
["event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the domain .", "is recorded history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the", "terminated event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow", "recorded in history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the", "is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the domain ."]
["returns .", "returns empty .", "returns catalog .", "returns null .", "returns \" ."]
["returns the request of the request .", "returns the id of the request .", "returns the request id of the request .", "returns the id id of the request .", "returns the request id ."]
["customer lock ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer lock ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "status ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .", "customer status ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore ."]
["calls ambry requests # handle requests ( network request ) with request and returns the response received .", "calls ambry requests # handle requests ( request ) with request and returns the response received .", "calls ambry requests # handle requests ( network <INSERT_END> ) with request and returns the response received .", "calls ambry requests # handle requests ) with request and returns the response received .", "calls ambry requests # handle requests ( network ) with request and returns the response received ."]
["get the number of property of this map", "get the number of property switch points of this map", "get the number of property point points of this map", "get the number of switch switch points of this map", "get the number of property point of this map"]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "for more information , see note : this operation is eventually consistent ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete configuration setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . setting # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . configuration setting # string - string"]
["returns a collection of proxies for the given id .", "returns a partition of proxies for the given id .", "returns a primitives of proxies for the given id .", "returns a map of proxies for the given id .", "returns an completable of proxies for the given id ."]
["test the behavior get object for inet columns .", "test the behavior get object .", "test the behavior object for inet columns .", "test the behavior get object for inet .", "test the behavior get inet for inet columns ."]
["returns a new transition data instance .", "returns a new attribute transition data instance .", "returns a new attribute transition data .", "returns a new builder transition data instance .", "returns a attribute transition data instance ."]
["handles the every day press event .", "handles the every day value press event .", "handles the every value key press event .", "handles the value key press event .", "handles the every day value press event ."]
["scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service certificate directly - service trusts gateway certificate directly", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts api certificate directly - api trusts gateway certificate directly", "- no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service certificate directly - service trusts gateway certificate directly", "api : - no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service certificate directly - service trusts gateway certificate directly", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts iapi certificate directly - iapi trusts gateway certificate directly"]
["sort a subset of an array of integer primitives .", "integer a subset of an array of number primitives .", "sort a subset of an integer of number primitives .", "sort a subset of a integer of number primitives .", "sort a subset of an array of number primitives ."]
["sets validation mode for commit context .", "sets mode type for commit context .", "sets validation mode for mode context .", "sets validation type for commit context .", "sets validation mode for commit context ."]
["sets a new value .", "sets a new header .", "sets a new header value .", "sets a header value .", "returns a new header value ."]
["unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped ( with \\ ) .", "unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped .", "unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped . .", "unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped ! .", "unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped and ."]
["proactively abandon any leadership ( read or write ) before closing connection .", "proactively any maintenance leadership ( read or write ) before closing connection .", "proactively abandon any leadership holds ( read or write ) before closing connection .", "proactively abandon any maintenance leadership ( read or write ) before closing connection .", "proactively leadership any maintenance holds ( read or write ) before closing connection ."]
["integers 0 . . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . priority .", "integers 0 . . . queue .", "integers 0 . . . q ."]
["reads a new chunk from the channel if all of the current chunk is read .", "reads a new packet from the channel if all of the current packet is chunk .", "reads a new data from the channel if all of the current data is read .", "reads a new packet from the channel if all of the current data is read .", "reads a new packet from the channel if all of the current chunk is read ."]
["gets the splash url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the splash url of the guild .", "gets the splash url of the guild present and in .", "returns the splash url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .", "gets the splash url of the guild , if present ."]
["the meta - property for the weekends property .", "the meta - property for the integer property .", "the meta - property for the property .", "the meta - property for the weekends .", "the meta - property for the weekends weekends property ."]
["returns the map of managed requests .", "returns the map of managed requests request .", "returns the map of managed sip .", "returns the map of requests transactions .", "returns the map of managed sip request ."]
["add a citation to the citations .", "add a citation .", "add to the citations map .", "add an citation to the citations map .", "adds a citation to the citations map ."]
["can this ref see the given patchset ?", "can this user see the patchset ?", "can this user see given patchset ?", "can this user see the given ref ?", "can this user returns the given patchset ?"]
["use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add scope decorator .", "use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add scope decorator ( scope decorator )", "use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add decorator ( decorator ) .", "use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add scope decorator ( request context current scope decorator ) .", "use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add scope decorator ( request decorator ) ."]
["for simplicity , all sensors are synchronized on metric .", "for simplicity , all lock are synchronized on sensor .", "for simplicity , all sensors are metric on sensor .", "for metric , all sensors are synchronized on sensor .", "all sensors are synchronized on sensor ."]
["returns the expiration date of the cookie , or null if none exists .", "returns the date date of the cookie , or null if none exists .", "returns the expiry date of the cookie , or null if none exists .", "returns the date of the cookie , or null if none exists .", "returns the expiration date of the cookie ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["take all elements until specified time period has passed", "take all elements until specified time take has passed", "skip all take until specified time period has passed", "take take all elements until specified time period has passed", "skip all elements until specified time period has passed"]
["like # default format node file header with utc as the default time zone .", "like # default format node file header ( supplier ) with utc .", "like # default format node file header ( supplier ) utc as .", "like format node file header ( supplier ) with utc as the default time zone .", "like # default format node file header ( supplier ) with utc as the false ."]
["checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation and return the ast representing that annotation .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation and returns the ast representing that annotation .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation annotation .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation .", "checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation and return the ast representing that annotation ."]
["calculates the minimum of this elements according to their natural order .", "calculates the minimum of this elements according to their order .", "calculates the minimum of this elements according to natural order .", "returns the minimum of this elements according to their natural order .", "calculates the minimum of this elements according to given natural order ."]
["set the autoincrement flag and related properties of this column .", "set the autoincrement flag .", "set the autoincrement flag this column .", "set the autoincrement related properties of this column .", "set the autoincrement options and related properties of this column ."]
["creates query for the given query pattern .", "creates query for the given pattern .", "creates source for the given search pattern .", "query query for the given search pattern .", "returns query for the given search pattern ."]
["returns the default charset used for string decoding .", "returns the charset used for string decoding and encoding .", "returns the default charset used for string encoding .", "returns the default charset used for string decoding and encoding .", "returns this charset used for string decoding and encoding ."]
["argument takes precedence from pid stored in the command session .", "argument takes precedence from pid stored in the session .", "argument takes precedence from pid stored in the line session .", "argument takes precedence from pid stored in the command line .", "line takes precedence from pid stored in the command session ."]
["returns a file path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a path to access to the given file .", "returns a path to access to the given resource .", "returns a file to access to the given resource ."]
["especially notice that a fcpplugin connection is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send .", "especially notice that a fcpplugin is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send .", "especially notice that a connection client is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send .", "especially notice that an fcpplugin client is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send .", "especially notice that a fcpplugin connection is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send ."]
["basically , this method runs the following instructions :", ", this method runs the following instructions :", "this method runs the following instructions :", "basically , this method find the following instructions :", "list , this method runs the following instructions :"]
["the generated connectable is pausable , for a unpausable connectable ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot connectable executor ) .", "the generated connectable is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated hot is pausable , for a unpausable hot connectable ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot stream ( executor ) .", "the unpausable connectable connectable is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot stream ( executor ) .", "the unpausable connectable is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot stream ( executor ) ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["get all segments which may include any data in the interval and are flagged as used .", "get all collection which may include any data in the interval and are flagged as used .", "get all segments which may collection any data in the interval and are flagged as used .", "get the segments which may include any data in the interval and are flagged as used .", "get all interval which may include any data in the interval and are flagged as used ."]
["return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given descriptor .", "return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given type .", "return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given object .", "return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given persister .", "return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given ."]
["inspects the value of a k entry and stores all mcids that are encountered .", "inspects the value of a k entry .", "inspects the value of the k entry and stores all mcids that are encountered .", "inspects the value of an k entry and stores all mcids that are encountered .", "inspects the value of a k entry"]
["returns the default service .", "returns the default endpoint .", "returns the service endpoint .", "returns the stub .", "returns stub ."]
["set the selection policy .", "set the policy .", "builder the selection policy .", "sets the builder policy .", "set the selection policy ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . sub subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete subdirectory directory # string"]
["this call prevents automatic request scope . request context # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request scope . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request scope . request # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .", "this call prevents automatic request scope # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished", "this call prevents automatic request . instance # release ( ) release of the scope request instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished ."]
["get drucktext .", "get ereignisart .", "get berechtigungsstufe .", "get account type .", "get drucker ."]
["loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "properties over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "loop over the secret properties secret and properties secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .", "loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( properties of secret properties base secret ) .", "over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) ."]
["sets the transformation of this entity using a safe position from teleport helper # get safe position ( position ) .", "sets the transformation of this entity using a safe location from position helper # get safe location ( location ) .", "sets the transformation of this entity using a safe location from teleport helper # get safe location .", "sets the transformation of this entity using a safe location from teleport helper # location ( location ) .", "sets the transformation of this entity using a safe location from helper # get safe location ( location ) ."]
["this operation requires the certificates / setissuers permission .", "this operation requires the operation / setissuers permission .", "this operation requires the certificates / setissuers operation .", "this operation requires the cancel / setissuers permission .", "this operation returns the certificates / setissuers permission ."]
["tells whether or not this site has any parameters ( cookies , query or form parameters ) .", "tells whether or not this site has any parameters ( cookies , form parameters ) .", "tells whether or not this site has any parameters ( cookies , query parameters ) .", "tells whether or not this site has any parameters cookies , query or .", "tells whether or not this site has any parameters cookies , query or ."]
["returns an immutable entry containing the given key .", "returns an immutable entry containing the given key and value .", "returns an immutable entry containing the given kvholder .", "returns an immutable entry containing the given kvholder and value .", "returns an immutable entry containing the given value ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( object ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) ."]
["this is provided for all event kinds except for : - vmupdate", "this is provided for all event object except for : - vmupdate", "this is provided for all event isolate except for : - vmupdate", "this is provided for all event kinds except for : - isolate", "this is provided for all event kinds except for : null"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["type strategy that maps an mapping type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an strategy type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that mapping an input type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an mapping validator to a type strategy if the validator matches ."]
["request the close of this client session by sending the request to the consensus module .", "the close of this client session by sending the to the consensus module .", "the close by sending the request to the consensus module .", "request this client session by sending the request to the consensus module .", "request the returns of this client session by sending the request to the consensus module ."]
["convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .", "convert the attributes if necessary .", "convert the attributes if attributes and add them to the profile .", "convert necessary and add them to the profile ."]
["this gives the time elapsed , in seconds , since the last time this event was sent to the given entity ref .", "this gives the time elapsed , in seconds , since the last time this event was sent to the given", "this gives the time elapsed , in seconds , since the last time this event was sent to the given ref .", "since the last time this event was sent to the given entity ref .", "this returns the time elapsed , in seconds , since the last time this event was sent to the given entity ref ."]
["it is sometimes more convenient to use # promise all ( observable on subscribe ) over this method .", "it is sometimes more convenient to use # all promise ( observable on subscribe ) over this method .", "it is sometimes more convenient to use # promise all all ( observable on subscribe ) over this method .", "it is sometimes more convenient to use # promise all all observable ( observable on subscribe ) over this method .", "it is sometimes more convenient to promise all # promise ( observable on subscribe ) over this method ."]
["returns the 4 byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - private key part .", "returns the p2 byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - private key part .", "returns the byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - private key part .", "returns the p2 pkhpriv byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - private key part .", "returns the 4 byte header for bip32 wallet - private key part ."]
["set the training listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "set the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "set the listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "training the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "set the iteration listeners for the computation graph"]
["shortcut to append a line of generated code", "append to add a line of generated code", "shortcut to add an append of generated code", "shortcut to add an of generated code", "shortcut to returns a line of generated code"]
["computes factor for given value ; returns this rule ' s factor if matches , or version if not", "computes factor for given value ; returns this tags ' s factor if matches , or version if not", "computes factor for given value ; returns this rule ' s factor if matches", "computes factor for given value ; returns this test ' s factor if matches , or version if not", "computes factor for given tags ; returns this rule ' s factor if matches , or version if not"]
["returns the border size that defines the size for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size that defines the size range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size that defines the for a robocode . border sentry size sentry robot .", "returns the border size that defines the size . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "returns the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry border sentry robot sentry robot ."]
["indicates that this is the boot disk .", "indicates that this is a boot disk .", "this is a boot disk .", "indicates that the is a boot disk .", "is a boot disk ."]
["value the value to set .", "repr value the value to set .", "@ value the value to set .", "@ param value the value to set .", "repr the value to set ."]
["the dbsnapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "for more information , see note : the dbsnapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "the must be in the available state to be deleted .", "dbsnapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "note : the dbsnapshot must be in the available state to be deleted ."]
["methods from methods visited early will be overwritten by later ones .", "methods will be overwritten by later ones .", "methods visited early will be overwritten by later .", "methods from declared visited early will be overwritten by later ones .", "methods from interfaces methods early will be overwritten by later ones ."]
["write tag and non - null value to writer .", "write tag .", "write tag and value to writer .", "write tag value to writer .", "write tag to writer ."]
["returns true if field persisted file fingerprints is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field persisted file is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field persisted file statuses is fingerprints ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field persisted file fingerprints is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field persisted file fingerprints is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["this adds the specified curve index values to the provider .", "this adds the specified price index curve to the provider .", "this adds the specified price curve values to the provider .", "this adds the specified index values to the provider .", "this adds the specified price forward values to the provider ."]
["execute tests via an engine discovery request using the provided test engine .", "execute tests via a discovery request using the provided test engine .", "execute tests via a engine discovery request using the provided test engine .", "execute tests via an test discovery request using the provided test test .", "execute tests via an test discovery request using the provided test engine ."]
["we select the head which is closest to slur target end .", "we select the head head which is closest to slur target end .", "we select the best head which is closest to slur target end .", "we select the slur head which is closest to slur target end .", "we select a note head which is closest to slur target end ."]
["creates a capture request config . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture request . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture request . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture request config . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture request configuration . config contains shared options ."]
["check whether a file with given path and checksum already exists", "check whether a file with given checksum already exists", "check whether a file with given path already exists", "check whether a file with given name already exists", "check whether a file with given path"]
["if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the configuration setting will always be updated .", "if the configuration ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard configuration ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s configuration value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated ."]
["create parameters necessary for creating an i deal source .", "create parameters necessary for creating an source .", "create parameters necessary for creating an", "create parameters necessary for creating a i deal source .", "create parameters necessary for creating an ."]
["no reply will be send when the queue has been exhausted .", "no reply will be send when the queue has been mock .", "no reply will be send when the queue has been respond .", "no reply will be send when a queue has been exhausted .", "no reply will be send when this queue has been exhausted ."]
["look for and merge context declarations .", "merge for and set context declarations .", "look for and set merge declarations .", "look for and set declarations .", "look for and merge context declarations ."]
["creates an xqarray containing the elements of this builder .", "creates a xqarray containing the elements of this builder .", "creates a containing the elements of this builder .", "creates an array containing the elements of this builder .", "creates a element containing the elements of this builder ."]
["get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager instance manager container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager underlying injection manager container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the manager instance manager container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying injection manager injection manager container .", "get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the manager underlying injection injection manager container ."]
["the default is 2000 .", "the value is 2000 .", "the default value 2000 .", "the default value is .", "the default delay is 2000 ."]
["constuct a log event .", "constuct a trace log .", "a trace log event .", "constuct trace log event .", "constuct a returns log event ."]
["report the higher bound double", "report the higher bound named", "report the higher bound constant", "report the higher bound", "report the higher double constant"]
["wait for and receive the response .", "wait for and receive an response .", "wait for and %UNK% a response .", "wait for and read a response .", "wait for or receive a response ."]
["tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete context ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( context uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check .", "tests the file system master # context ( alluxio uri , context options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio context , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check ."]
["returns a list of modules available for the current project .", "returns a list of modules for the current project .", "returns a list of name available for the current project .", "returns a list of packages available for the current modules .", "returns a list of packages available for the current project ."]
["obtains an instance based on the future , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the volatilities name , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the volatilities option , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the future option , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the future name , specifying the sensitivity currency ."]
["compares that two secrets are equal .", "compares that secrets are equal .", "compares that stops secrets are equal .", "compares that responds .", "compares that stops secrets are equal ."]
["add number of partitions need processed for finished indexes create or rebuilding .", "sets number of partitions need processed for finished indexes create or rebuilding .", "set number of partitions need processed for finished indexes create .", "set number of partitions need processed for finished indexes add or rebuilding .", "set number of partitions need processed for finished indexes create or add ."]
["set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given object .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given jupiter ."]
["gets the new type .", "gets the type .", "gets the new new type .", "gets the value type .", "gets the new type type ."]
["returns the web socket of the specified client .", "returns the client of the specified client .", "returns the socket of the specified client .", "returns the specified client .", "returns the web of the specified client ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["defaults to land .", "defaults to festpreis .", "defaults to preference .", "defaults .", "defaults to ."]
["` please ` : node ids ; use ` items ` attribute", "` instead ` : node ids ; use ` items ` attribute", "` deprecated ` : node ids ; please ` items ` attribute", "` deprecated ` : node ids ; use ` please ` attribute", "` deprecated ` : node ids ; use ` items ` please"]
["create a copy of topology meta data with only node to host id map .", "create a copy of topology meta data with only to host id map .", "create a copy of topology meta data with only node host id map .", "create a copy of topology meta data with only node id map .", "create a copy of topology meta data with only node to node id map ."]
["filter a list of search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of response search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of search response record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of search search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on", "filter a list of result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on"]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity id .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata id .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata entity metadata .", "removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified metadata ."]
["find the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters .", "returns the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters .", "finds the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters .", "sets the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters .", "return the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters ."]
["configure the maximum number of allowed in a single multipart request .", "configure the maximum of parts allowed in a single multipart request .", "configure the maximum number of parts allowed in a single request .", "configure the maximum number of parts in a single multipart request .", "configure parts allowed in a single multipart request ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image .", "computes the average for each height across all bands in the planar image ."]
["build an http no content without any content .", "no an http ok without any content .", "build an http no without any content .", "build an http ok .", "build an http content without any content ."]
["gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field .", "gets the value of the ' keep cells ' field .", "gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' .", "gets the value of the ' keep deleted ' field .", "gets the value of the ' deleted cells ' field ."]
["create optimize engine instance .", "create sharding optimize engine instance .", "create an optimize engine instance .", "create a optimize engine instance .", "create optimize engine ."]
["create a injection manager .", "create an injection manager .", "create a manager .", "create an injection injection manager .", "injection a instance manager ."]
["returns the subject this event concerns .", "returns the this event concerns .", "returns the key this event concerns .", "returns the subject key this event concerns .", "returns the key this event subject ."]
["tests resiliency when l2 link is down .", "resiliency resilency when l2 link is down .", "tests when l2 link is down .", "tests resilency is down .", "tests resilency link is down ."]
["sets the identifier of the profile .", "sets the identifier of the action profile .", "sets the identifier .", "sets the action profile .", "sets the identifier of the id profile ."]
["sets the groups used to find a repo curve .", "sets the repo used to find a repo curve .", "sets the groups used to find a repo curve .", "sets the groups used to find a repo curve .", "returns the groups used to find a repo curve ."]
["if the key already exists , the sensitivity parameter will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the amount value will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the parameter will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the sensitivity will be merged .", "if the key already exists , the amount will be merged ."]
["this method returns transactional defined methods in service interface", "this method returns all defined transactional in service interface", "this method returns all transactional methods in service interface", "this method returns all defined methods in transactional interface", "this method returns the transactional defined methods in service interface"]
["creates query for the given query pattern .", "creates query for the given pattern .", "creates source for the given search pattern .", "query query for the given search pattern .", "returns query for the given search pattern ."]
["this operation requires the certificates / manageissuers / getissuers permission .", "this operation requires the certificates / manageissuers / collection permission .", "this operation requires the collection / manageissuers / getissuers permission .", "this operation requires the certificates / manageissuers / getissuers collection .", "this operation requires the certificates / manageissuers permission ."]
["the default charset used for string decoding .", "this charset used for string decoding and encoding .", "the default charset .", "the default charset encoding .", "the default charset used for string decoding and encoding ."]
["this sets up a pooling data source wrapper .", "this sets up a pooling data source .", "this sets up a data source .", "this sets up a source .", "this sets up a pooling source wrapper source ."]
["set the e tag property : the e tag property .", "set the e property : the e property .", "set the e tag property : the e tag property .", "set the e property : the etag property .", "set the e tag property : the e property ."]
["if include _ props is set , the props for each protocol will also be printed .", "if props _ properties is set , the properties for each protocol will also be printed .", "if include props is set , the properties for each protocol will also be printed .", "if include _ props is set , the properties for each protocol will also be printed .", "if include props properties is set , the properties for each protocol will also be printed ."]
["expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and 8 for test ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial test and 8 for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and 8 for g1 .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and test for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected test barriers for the serial gc and 8 for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) ."]
["get delete .", "get locks .", "get contents .", "get rechnung .", "get file ."]
["returns a call .", "returns a function call .", "returns the function .", "returns a call function .", "returns a = ."]
["the offset is not part of the offset and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the time and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the temporal and will be unchanged in the result .", "the time is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result ."]
["this method adds additional training listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional iteration listener to existing listeners", "this method adds training iteration listener to existing listeners", "this method adds additional iteration listener to existing listeners"]
["key import options vault key # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import vault key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key options vault key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options vault # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null ."]
["implements y . minus .", "implements x . minus .", "implements operator . y .", "implements operator . x .", "x operator . minus ."]
["returns true if passed pubspec declares a flutter dependency .", "returns true if passed pubspec declares a any flutter dependency .", "returns any if passed pubspec declares a flutter dependency .", "returns true if passed pubspec read a flutter dependency .", "returns true if passed pubspec declares the flutter dependency ."]
["if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) ."]
["set faktor .", "set kredit .", "set soll .", "set menge .", "set betrag ."]
["the build classpath .", "the classpath .", "the build .", "the classpath build .", "build classpath ."]
["this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies , enabling availability .", "this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies , enabling availability permissions .", "this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies ,", "this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies , enabling gateway .", "this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies , enabling amazon kinesis ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["shuts down book keeper db and cleans up file system directory .", "shuts down rocks db and cleans up file system directory .", "shuts down keeper and rocks db and cleans up file system directory .", "shuts book keeper and rocks db and cleans up file system directory .", "shuts down book keeper db and cleans directory ."]
["intervals are inclusive of the start instant .", "intervals are inclusive of the start instant and exclusive of the end .", "intervals are inclusive of the start instant .", "intervals are inclusive of the start instant", "intervals are inclusive of the start start instant and exclusive of the start end ."]
["appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf flags buf .", "appends a string representation of the given buf flags modifiers to # buf buf .", "appends a string representation of the given modifiers to # buf buf flags buf .", "appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # string buf buf .", "appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf buf flags ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action ."]
["add an async iointerceptor that will be invoked in the reverse order it was added .", "add an last iointerceptor that will be invoked in the reverse order it was added .", "add an iointerceptor that will be invoked in the reverse order it was added .", "add an async iointerceptor that will be invoked in the last order it was added .", "add a iointerceptor that will be invoked in the reverse order it was added ."]
["configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "for more information , see configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer", "configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search guide ."]
["standard setter for the rightward value string in this relationship", "standard setter for the value label string in this relationship", "standard setter for the rightward label value in this relationship", "standard setter for the rightward string in this relationship", "standard setter for the rightward label string in this relationship"]
["gets the field name to use when converting from a document", "gets the document name to use when converting from a dbobject", "gets the field name to use when converting from a key", "gets the field name to use when converting from an document", "gets the key name to use when converting from a dbobject"]
["selects tracks for the period and returns the new result if the selection changed .", "selects tracks for the period .", "selects tracks and returns the new result if the selection .", "selects tracks for the period if the selection changed .", "selects tracks for the period result if the selection ."]
["the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples per line .", "the file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line ."]
["returns the list of the fully qualified class names of the providers .", "returns the of the fully qualified class names of the providers .", "returns the the fully qualified class names of the providers .", "returns the fully qualified class names of the providers .", "returns the fully qualified class names of the providers ."]
["compute an xwiki web jar url ( of the form url .", "compute an xwiki web jar url ( of the form url ( resource name ) .", "compute an xwiki jar url ( of the form url ( resource name ) .", "an xwiki web jar url ( of the form url ( resource name ) .", "compute an xwiki web jar url ( of the form url ( resource name ) ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of local time ."]
["set the human agent assist .", "builder the human agent assist .", "sets the builder agent assist .", "sets the agent assist .", "sets the human agent assist ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect all margins .", "i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect all margins .", "i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect margins .", "i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect margins .", "i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect margins ."]
["create a temporary local variable .", "create a local variable in method body .", "returns a temporary local variable in method body .", "create a temporary local variable", "new method body ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date information .", "a time accessor represents some form of and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of the date and time information ."]
["returns the generator function for customizing drag data .", "returns the generator function .", "returns the generator function for customizing functions data .", "returns the functions function for customizing drag data .", "returns the generator functions for customizing drag data ."]
["sets the value of the schema language property .", "sets the value of the schema property .", "sets the value of the string language property .", "sets the value of the schema language property .", "sets the value of the language language property ."]
["save cluster .", "cluster .", "save .", "save cluster .", "returns cluster ."]
["the sequence length access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequences length access has been removed from the offset .", "the length access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequences access has been removed from the offset .", "the sequence access has been removed from the offset ."]
["insert an async processor ( with dedicated thread , multiple subscribers )", "insert an async processor ( with dedicated , multiple subscribers )", "insert an async processor with dedicated thread ,", "insert an async processor multiple subscribers )", "insert an async processor , multiple subscribers"]
["fails silently if no such student .", "fails if no such student .", "fails silently .", "fails silently if no student .", "fails silently if such student ."]
["get a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .", "get a string from the underlying resource bundle .", "get from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .", "get a string from the underlying resource bundle or returns null if the string is not found .", "returns a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found ."]
["creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating subdirectory name to the end of", "creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating name to the end of", "creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating subdirectory name to the end of", "creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating data name to the end of", "creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating subdirectory to the end of"]
["initialize the timeout length by getting the crl timeout system property .", "initialize the timeout length by the crl timeout system property .", "initialize the timeout length by getting the timeout system property .", "returns the timeout length by getting the crl timeout system property .", "initialize the timeout length by timeout the crl timeout system property ."]
["returns the indexed container with the keys for the currently set locale .", "returns the container with the keys for the currently set container .", "returns the container with the keys for the currently set locale .", "returns the container indexed with the keys for the currently set locale .", "returns the container with the keys for the currently set indexed ."]
["adds metadata to this provider .", "adds metadata to this provider or overrides it if already available .", "adds metadata to the provider or overrides it if already available .", "adds add to this provider or overrides it if already available .", "returns metadata to this provider or overrides it if already available ."]
["creates an invalid api status exception .", "creates an invalid status exception .", "creates an api service status exception .", "creates an invalid api status exception .", "creates an invalid api status api ."]
["creates a new enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories .", "creates a new file enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories .", "creates a . enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories .", "creates a new iochannel enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories .", "creates a new . enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["the hash code is based upon the package name , and for a qualified export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported .", "the hash code is based upon the package name , and for a export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported .", "and for a qualified export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported .", "package name , and for a qualified export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported .", "code is based upon the package name , and for a qualified export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported ."]
["setter accessor for attribute ' evaluation ' .", "setter accessor for attribute ' evaluation strategy ' .", "setter accessor for evaluation strategy ' description ' .", "setter accessor for evaluation ' description ' .", "setter accessor for attribute ' strategy ' ."]
["returns the photo item of the photo in the adapter at the passed position", "returns the photo of the photo in the adapter at the passed position", "returns the item of the photo in the adapter at the passed position", "returns the photo in the adapter at the passed position", "returns the item item of the photo in the adapter at the passed position"]
["ensure that the zookeeper socket is available by polling it for up to 2 seconds", "ensure that the kafka socket is available by polling it for up to 2 seconds", "ensure that the zookeeper socket is available to 2", "ensure that the zookeeper socket is available by kafka it for up to 2 seconds", "ensure that the zookeeper kafka is available by polling it for up to 2 seconds"]
["the generated connectable is pausable , for a unpausable connectable @ see reactive seq # primed hot connectable executor ) .", "the generated hot stream is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed hot stream ( executor ) .", "the primed connectable connectable is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed hot stream ( executor ) .", "the hot is pausable , for a unpausable hot primed connectable connectable @ see reactive seq # primed hot stream ( executor ) .", "the generated hot is pausable , for a unpausable hot connectable @ see reactive seq # primed hot stream ( executor ) ."]
["warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the cannot be registered .", "a warning if the class cannot registered .", "class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the class be registered ."]
["returns a value type of the .", "returns a value with the value of the given expression .", "returns a value with the expr of the given expression .", "returns a value with the ddo of the given expression .", "returns a value of the given expression ."]
["builds a path operation .", "builds a operation .", "builds a operation operation .", "builds the path operation .", "builds a markup operation ."]
["tests resiliency when l2 and l4 link is down .", "resiliency resilency when l2 and l4 link is down .", "tests resilency when resiliency and l4 link is down .", "tests when l2 and l4 link is down .", "tests resilency when l2 and l4 link is down ."]
["invoke the method handler as a publisher .", "invoke the method publisher as a callable .", "invoke the publisher handler as a callable .", "publisher the method handler as a callable .", "invoke the method handler as an publisher ."]
["the alias is an optional string value located under the # alias key .", "the alias is an optional string value located under the # has alias . alias key .", "the alias is an optional string value located under the # has alias util alias key .", "the alias is an optional string value located under the # has alias key .", "the alias is an optional string value located under the # has alias util . alias key ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["update the keys whose fd ' s have been selected by the devpoll driver .", "update the keys whose fd have been selected by the devpoll driver .", "returns the keys whose fd ' s have been selected by the devpoll driver .", "update the keys whose fd by the devpoll driver .", "update the keys whose fd ' s have been selected by the num driver ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["find and load all pull files under a base path recursively .", "find all pull files under a base path recursively .", "find and load all pull files .", "find and load all pull list under a base path recursively .", "find and load all pull files under a base path ."]
["creates builder for prepared prepared collection of objects .", "creates builder for prepared prepared collection of of objects .", "creates builder for prepared collection of delete objects .", "creates builder for delete collection of delete objects .", "creates builder for prepared delete collection of objects ."]
["value for ' limit ' for selection query < = configured value", "value for ' limit ' for selection query < = configured value", "value for ' top ' for selection query < = configured value", "value for = configured value", "value for configured value"]
["returns whether the inode file is fully in alluxio or not .", "returns whether the inode file is fully in or not .", "returns whether the inode file is alluxio in memory or not .", "returns whether the inode file is fully in alluxio or not .", "returns whether the inode file is fully in not ."]
["create a new mapping mongo converter using the given mongo database factory when loading dbref .", "create a new mapping mongo converter using the given mongo database when loading dbref .", "create a new mapping mongo converter using the given database db factory when loading dbref .", "create a new mapping mongo converter using the given mongo database factory when loading dbref .", "create a new mapping mongo converter using the db factory when loading dbref ."]
["return the bean property that make up the unique id .", "return the property that make up the unique id .", "returns the bean property that make up the unique id .", "return the property property that make up the unique id .", "return the bean property ."]
["until you enable all features mode , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports .", "until you enable all features - control mode , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports .", "until you enable all features , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports .", "until you enable all features - control mode , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports .", "until you enable all mode , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["executes specified callables on the sequential executor in sequence , one by one .", "executes specified callables on the invoke executor in sequence , one by one .", "executes specified callables on the sequential list in sequence , one by one .", "executes specified callables on the list executor in sequence , one by one .", "executes specified callables on a executor in sequence , one by one ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["set consumers to this carrier .", "set to this carrier .", "set consumers to this .", "consumers to this carrier .", "set data to this carrier ."]
["extract class inherited types from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute .", "extract inherited types from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute .", "extract inherited from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute .", "extract class inherited from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute .", "class inherited types from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute ."]
["delete a path from the trie", "delete a path", "delete the path from the trie", "delete path from the trie", "delete a path from the trie ."]
["by default , this method will return an instance of configuration reader factory .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration reader factory . .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration reader factory .", "this method will return an instance of xml configuration reader factory .", "by default , this method will return an instance of configuration factory . factory ."]
["total runtime size is 3904 bytes", "total runtime size is 3904 bytes .", "runtime size is 3904 bytes", "total runtime size is %UNK% bytes", "total runtime size is 3904 %UNK%"]
["the negative of ends with is not with .", "the negative of ends with is not with .", "the negative of with is # not with .", "the negative with is # ends not with .", "the negative of ends with is with ."]
["tests for the base file system # free ( alluxio uri , free poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions ( alluxio uri , poptions options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # free ( alluxio uri , free poptions builder ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # free ( alluxio uri , free options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # free ( alluxio uri options ) method ."]
["bind all providers contained in provider bag ( classes and instances ) using injection manager .", "bind all providers contained in injection bag ( classes and instances ) using instance manager .", "bind all providers contained in provider bag ( classes and instances ) using instance injection .", "bind all providers contained in provider bag ( classes and instances ) using manager .", "bind all providers contained in provider bag ( classes and instances ) using injection manager ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to linked entities of a text input ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["initializes the restxq module cache .", "initializes the restxq cache .", "initializes the restxq module .", "sets the restxq module cache .", "returns the restxq module cache ."]
["takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position pattern node .", "takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position pattern node .", "takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position pattern .", "takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position .", "takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position node node ."]
["the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the ec create key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec key options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to .", "the ec create vault key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["returns the segment map .", "returns the map size .", "returns the size .", "returns the map .", "returns the segment ."]
["get reconciled .", "get reconciled .", "get app .", "get rechnung .", "get warehouse ."]
["adds a new selection handler .", "adds a new path handler .", "adds a path selection handler .", "adds an path selection handler .", "adds a new selection selection handler ."]
["opens the given input stream .", "opens the given input stream reader .", "opens the given input reader .", "opens the given input stream input .", "opens the input stream ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging , debugging and debugging ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of the text input ."]
["set the subject value .", "set the subject value .", "set the value .", "sets the subject value .", "set the subject value ."]
["classpath / url - based asset source .", "classpath - based asset source .", "classpath / class - based asset source .", "classpath url - .", "classpath url - source ."]
["creates a histogram of the given count", "returns a histogram of the given arguments", "creates a count of the given arguments", "creates a histogram of the given join", "creates an of the given arguments"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["to achieve that , use # read ( bean ) .", "to achieve that , use # bind .", "to achieve that , use # bind ( bean ) .", "to read that , use # bind ( bean ) .", "to %UNK% that , use # bind ( bean ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["computes a hash code for this module export .", "returns a hash code for this module export .", "computes a hash code .", "computes a hash code for this module .", "computes hash code for this module export ."]
["expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and 8 for test ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial test and 8 for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and test for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial gc for g1 ( 4 post ) .", "expected 4 barriers for the serial gc for g1 ( 4 ) ."]
["returns the search roots .", "sets the roots .", "set the search roots .", "sets the search roots .", "sets this roots ."]
["this utility is needed for supporting producers + some apps framework utility classes .", "this utility is needed for supporting %UNK% + some apps framework utility classes .", "this utility is needed for supporting producers + some apps framework utility classes or %UNK% .", "this utility is needed for supporting producers + some apps framework utility classes and %UNK% .", "this utility is needed for supporting producers + some apps framework utility classes or soy ."]
["changes the default factory .", "changes the factory .", "sets the default factory .", "returns the default factory .", "changes the default ."]
["detector for chessboard binary .", "detector for chessboard b .", "detector for chessboard targets .", "detector for binary targets .", "detector for b targets ."]
["adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a parameter .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a sensitivity .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a amount .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder .", "adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a value ."]
["checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp buf payload is keyframe or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is buf or not", "checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a buf packet payload is keyframe or not", "checks if a an of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not"]
["updates legacy image jsettings and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs .", "updates legacy image and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs .", "updates settings and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs .", "updates legacy and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs .", "updates ij1 settings and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs ."]
["resolves a named cluster privilege from a given name if it exists .", "resolves a cluster privilege from a given name if it exists .", "resolves a nameable cluster privilege from a given name if it exists .", "resolves an named cluster privilege from a given name if it exists .", "nameable named <UPDATE_END> a nameable cluster privilege from a given name if it exists ."]
["it is recommended to bind the service to a server using plain server builder # service ( http service with routes , function [ ] )", "it is recommended to bind the service to a server using plain server builder ( http service ( service with routes , function [ ] )", "it is recommended to bind the service to a server using http server builder # service ( service with routes , function [ ] )", "it is recommended to bind the service to a server using plain server builder # service service with routes , [ ] )", "it is recommended to bind the service to a server using http builder # service ( service with routes , function [ ] )"]
["use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to discover on the bigdata build information .", "reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to and report on the bigdata build information ."]
["returns the google accounts ( see # is writable google account ) for this contact list filter .", "returns the google accounts ( see # is writable google account type ) for this contact list filter .", "returns the google accounts ( see # is google account ) for this contact list filter .", "returns the google accounts ( see # google account type ) for this contact list filter .", "returns the google accounts ( see # is writable google type ) for this contact list filter ."]
["creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified author and programming rights .", "creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified reference", "creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified reference .", "creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified , author programming rights .", "creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified reference and programming rights ."]
["returns a string representation of the specified value .", "returns a string representation .", "returns a representation of the specified value .", "returns a string representation of the specified 127 .", "returns a string representation of the specified byte ."]
["creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id and using explicit credentials .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id .", "creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id"]
["returns the number of sync d l objects where modified time id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where m time id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where modified id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the number of sync d l objects where modified time r id = ? ."]
["set drucktext .", "set ereignisart .", "set account sign .", "set ausgangsforderung .", "set zusammenfassung ."]
["this method returns the original edge via its edge key .", "this method returns the original edge via its key .", "this method returns the edge edge via its traversal key .", "this method returns the original edge .", "this method returns the original edge via its edge key ."]
["gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder", "returns the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to x509 map ."]
["test of length method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of npara method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of method , length class shifted geometric distribution .", "test length npara method , of class shifted geometric distribution ."]
["a member should only expose a js name when a js name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names .", "a member should only expose a requires name when a requires name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names .", "a member should only expose a js when a js name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names .", "a member should only requires a js name when a js name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names .", "a member should only expose name when js name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names ."]
["gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder", "returns the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .", "gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to x509 map ."]
["transform a nullable return value into an maybe with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable return value into an callable with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable return value into a maybe with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable return value into an maybe with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable return value into an maybe with maybe or 1 element ."]
["returns the session machine type .", "returns the state machine type .", "returns the session state machine type name .", "returns the session state type .", "returns the type state machine type ."]
["query query for the given query string .", "creates for the given string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "creates query for the given query string .", "parses query for the given query string ."]
["configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer", "scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "for more information , see configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see configuring configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["return a list of expanded clusters in the current tree .", "return a list of expanded cluster in the current tree .", "return a list of expanded in the current tree .", "return a list of expanded clusters in the current tree .", "return a list of clusters labels in the current tree ."]
["creates an empty payload buffer of the given size .", "creates an empty payload buffer of the given size and transaction status .", "creates an payload buffer of the given size and transaction status .", "creates an empty payload buffer of the given required and transaction status .", "creates an empty payload buffer of the given payload and transaction status ."]
["returns a rule that restricts access according to the role .", "returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current user .", "returns the rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a rule access according to the role of the current authenticated user .", "returns a rule to the role of the current authenticated user ."]
["if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) , then the login may not relate to a valid user .", "if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) , then the may not relate to a valid user .", "if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) to a valid user .", "if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) , then the user may not relate to a valid user .", "if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) , then the token may not relate to a valid user ."]
["produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with optional extras .", "produces an uncollapsed graph with optional extras .", "produces an uncollapsed semantic graph .", "produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with extras .", "produces a semantic graph with optional extras ."]
["this creates a child from identifiers extracted from the message message , or a new span if one couldn ' t be extracted .", "this creates a child from identifiers extracted from message , or a new span if one couldn ' t be extracted .", "this creates a child from identifiers extracted from the message message ' t be extracted .", "this creates a child from identifiers extracted from the message message couldn ' t be extracted .", "this creates a child from message extracted from the message message , or a new span if one couldn ' t be extracted ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["generates an in - memory key for an api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for a api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory api for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - api key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for an api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval ."]
["adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate set into certificates map .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder .", "adds multiple certificates out of a collection of set certificate holder into certificates map ."]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully unexpected", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully unexpected"]
["returns true if field version is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field version is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field jvm version is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field version . is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field version is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false version ."]
["if there are reads , retry .", "if there are batch reads , retry .", "if there are list reads , retry .", "retry .", "if there are returns ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . delete directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . cgeo directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . sub subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . delete subdirectory directory # string"]
["or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found", "or throws a chat no such status exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such status exception if it could not be found .", "liferay . chat . no such status exception if it could not be found ."]
["load the profile definitions from a file .", "load the profile definitions .", "the profile definitions from a file .", "load profile definitions from a file .", "load the profile definitions from the file ."]
["the notification sent to the sns topic is the same output as returned from", "is the same output as returned from describe job", "is the same output as returned from describe job .", "topic is the same as returned from describe job", "the sent to the sns topic is the same output as returned from describe"]
["returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .", "returns a type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualified .", "returns a qualified type that has the given type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given stream ."]
["the supplied function is invoked for each market data name in this sensitivities .", "the supplied function is invoked for each market data unary in this sensitivities .", "market data name in this sensitivities .", "name in this sensitivities .", "market data name in this ."]
["hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management", "for more information , see hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .", "security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .", "hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster guide", "modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide ."]
["the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prepare is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to prepare player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the library is done ."]
["returns this try in the case of a callable , otherwise other . get ( ) .", "returns this try in the case of a success , otherwise other . get ( ) .", "returns this try in the callable of a success , otherwise other . get ( ) .", "returns this try in the case of a success , callable other . get ( ) .", "returns this try in the case of the success , otherwise other . get ( ) ."]
["otherwise , the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise , the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise the segment is only freed and eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise , the memory is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging ."]
["get to update your endpoints .", "to update your endpoints .", "use to update your endpoints .", "use to update endpoints .", "returns to update your endpoints ."]
["for order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for selection order - by column , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for column order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for selection order - by queries - by expressions will be put at the front .", "for by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front ."]
["get s3 storage configuration # # # functional description : retrieve s3 configuration .", "returns s3 storage configuration # # # functional description : retrieve s3 configuration .", "get s3 storage configuration retrieve s3 configuration .", "get s3 storage configuration # # # functional s3 : retrieve s3 configuration .", "get s3 storage configuration # # # functional description : returns s3 configuration ."]
["property sxjavahome", "property jhome", "property javahome", "property", "property %UNK%"]
["return null to speed up exception for this exception .", "return null to speed up exception needed for this .", "return null to speed up exception ( fill is not needed for this exception ) .", "return null to speed up exception ( fill trace is not needed for this exception ) .", "return null to speed up exception needed ."]
["tests xqarray # tail ( ) .", "tests array # tail ( ) .", "tests # tail ( ) .", "tests tail ( ) .", "tests tail # tail ( ) ."]
["compiles classes in targets", "compiles targets in paths", "compiles classes in paths", "compiles classes targets", "compiles classes in targets"]
["currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) and 2 ( pre - version ) are supported .", "currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) ( pre are supported .", "currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) and are supported .", "currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) pre - are supported .", "currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) are supported ."]
["record an event for a published report entry .", "record an execution event for a published report entry .", "record event for a published report entry .", "record event for a published report entry .", "record execution event for a published report entry ."]
["draws the notification .", "starts the notification .", "executes the notification .", "draws a notification .", "returns the notification ."]
["api allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per language", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per language .", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per", "allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per language", "api allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per distinctbylocale"]
["returns the the form types of this form .", "returns the the types type of this form .", "returns form type of this form .", "returns the the types type of this types .", "returns the type of this form ."]
["note : if the total hit count of the top docs is less than total hits threshold then this value is accurate .", "note : if the total hit count of the top docs is less hits threshold then this value is accurate .", "note : if the total hit count of the top docs is less than = total hits threshold then this value is accurate .", "note : if the total hit count of the top docs is less than total threshold then this value is accurate .", "note : if the hit count of the top docs is less than hits threshold then this value is accurate ."]
["removes all of the instructions of this list .", "removes all of the instructions of the list .", "removes all of the instructions of this element .", "removes all of the current instructions of this list .", "removes all current of the instructions of this list ."]
["plays a sound with a random pitch , but excludes one player from hearing it .", "plays a sound with a random pitch .", "plays a sound with a random pitch player .", "plays an with a random pitch , but excludes one player from hearing it .", "plays a set with a random pitch , but excludes one player from hearing it ."]
["applies this migration to the database .", "returns this migration to the database .", "undo this migration to the database .", "parses this migration to the database .", "executes this migration to the database ."]
["creates query for the given pattern .", "creates query .", "query query for the given search pattern .", "returns query for the given search pattern .", "creates query for the given source pattern ."]
["applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the temporal passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjust passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the into passing this as the argument ."]
["retrieves the value in queue without removing it .", "retrieves the value in queue .", "returns the value in queue without removing it .", "retrieves the value in index without removing it .", "retrieves the index in queue without removing it ."]
["scheduler class , fixed delay or cron expression to be used", "scheduler class , fixed task or cron expression to be used", "class , fixed delay or cron expression to be used", "scheduler task , fixed delay or cron expression to be used", "task class , fixed delay or cron expression to be used"]
["converts a operation into a completable .", "converts a operation operation into a completable .", "converts an operation operation into a completable .", "converts an operation into a completable .", "converts a operation into a completable ."]
["during the prepare , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the library , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold prepare focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .", "during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to prepare other sessions play seamlessly ."]
["match statement against pattern for alter task", "match statement against pattern for task schedule", "match statement against pattern for alter", "match statement against pattern for alter schedule", "match statement against pattern for alter task"]
["partitions all elements from input collection into an output and rejected collection , based on the evaluation of the given predicate .", "partitions all elements from input collection into a and rejected collection , based on the evaluation of the given predicate .", "partitions all elements from collection into an output and rejected collection , based on the evaluation of the given predicate .", "partitions all elements from input collection into an output rejected collection , .", "partitions all elements from input collection into an output rejected collection , of the given ."]
["what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our . . .", "what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . ."]
["tests recommend ( set , int ) .", "tests recommend related ( set , int ) .", "tests recommend related items ( set , int ) .", "tests long ( set , int ) .", "tests recommend items ( set , int ) ."]
["converts an object that represents user flags and can be either skylark nested set , skylark list , or none into iterable .", "converts an object that represents user flags and can be either skylark nested set or none into iterable .", "converts an object that represents user flags can be either nested set , skylark or none into iterable .", "converts an object that represents user flags and can be either skylark nested set , none into iterable .", "converts an object that represents user flags and can be either skylark nested set , or none into iterable ."]
["produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed semantic graph .", "starts a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces an ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["if the key exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .", "if the key already exists .", "if the key already exists , the value will be merged .", "already exists , the sensitivity .", "key already exists , the ."]
["convert to sql .", "to sql .", "convert sql .", "returns to sql .", "convert to the sql ."]
["generate an info message string relating to given entity descriptor .", "generate an info message string relating to given entity type .", "generate an info message string relating to given type persister .", "generate an info message string relating to given descriptor persister .", "generate an info message string relating to given entity type ."]
["timed invoke any ( , , null ) throws npe", "invoke any ( , , null ) throws npe", "timed test any ( , , null ) throws npe", "%UNK% invoke any ( , , null ) throws npe", "timed invoke the ( , , null ) throws npe"]
["this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : network . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 to point 3 . loopback"]
["returns a new base base time series that is a subset of this base time series .", "returns a new base time series that is a subset of this base time series .", "returns a new base base time series that is a subset of this base time series .", "returns a new base time series that is a subset of this base time series .", "returns a series that is a subset of this base time series ."]
["decorates and binds the specified http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and http the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and specified http the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host ."]
["get all non - null values with the given ids for default column", "get all non - null values with the given map for default column", "get all non - null map with the given ids for default column", "get all values with the given ids for default column", "get all non - map values with the given ids for default column"]
["defaults to 60000 .", "defaults to 60000 60000 .", "defaults to 0 .", "60000 to 0 .", "defaults ."]
["set the input .", "add the input .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the input ."]
["list the roles of the @ param principal .", "list the roles of the @ param user .", "list the roles of the user .", "list the roles of the @ param principal .", "list the roles of the @ param principal ."]
["if the offsets list is not empty , then it must be the same size as sequences .", "if the offsets list is not empty , then it must be the same size as sequence .", "if the offsets list is not empty , then it must be the same sequences as array .", "if the offsets sequences is not empty , then it must be the same size as array .", "if the sequences list is not empty , then it must be the same size as array ."]
["registers the listener for events matching the service name .", "registers the listener for events matching the service name , topic filter .", "registers the listener for events matching the service name and filter .", "registers the listener0 for events matching the service name , topic and filter .", "registers the listener for events matching the service name , topic ."]
["judge contains column from table meta data or not .", "judge contains column from name meta data or not .", "judge contains column from table data or not .", "judge contains column from table meta data .", "judge contains name from table meta data or not ."]
["asks the total to verify the \" total \" data items against the calculated values for a single frame .", "asks the check total to verify the \" total \" data items against the calculated values for a single frame .", "asks the adapter to verify the \" total \" data items against the calculated values for a single frame .", "asks the check adapter to verify the \" total \" data items against the calculated values for a single frame .", "asks the total adapter to verify the \" total \" data items against the calculated values for a single frame ."]
["return a forward - order stream of this node ' s children .", "return a forward - order this node ' s children .", "return a forward - order of this node ' s children .", "return a forward - stream iterator of this node ' s children .", "return a stream - order iterator of this node ' s children ."]
["- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe , and api certificate will not be recognised .", "- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe , and iapi certificate will not be recognised .", "- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe , and service certificate will not be recognised .", "- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe , and api api certificate will not be recognised .", "- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe ."]
["matching is performed using rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified by rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using a matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all s32 in the planar image .", "computes the average across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all planar in the planar image .", "computes the average pixel across all in the planar image ."]
["does a full , blocking rebuild of the indexes specified by columns from the sstables .", "does a full , index rebuild of the indexes specified by columns from the sstables .", "does a full rebuild of the indexes specified by columns from the sstables .", "does a full indexes specified by columns from the .", "does an , blocking rebuild of the indexes specified by columns from the sstables ."]
["adds a single sensitivity to the builder .", "adds a sensitivity to the builder using metadata .", "adds a to the builder using metadata .", "adds a the builder using metadata .", "adds the builder using metadata ."]
["tests that rule - specific licenses are still used by config _ setting .", "tests that rule - specific licenses are still used by setting .", "tests that rule - specific licenses are still used by _ setting .", "tests that rule - specific licenses are still used by none _ setting .", "tests that rule - specific licenses are still used ."]
["text is always trimmed and to lowercase .", "note : text is always trimmed .", "note : text is always trimmed to lowercase .", "note : text is always and to lowercase .", "note : text is always trimmed"]
["get warehouse .", "get quantity .", "get allocated .", "get app .", "get allocated ."]
["chosen bits are [ 12 , 8 , 2 ]", "chosen bits are [ 12 , 6 , 2 ]", "chosen bits are [ 12 , 0x3f , 2 ]", "chosen bits are [ 12", "chosen bits are [ 12 , 2 ]"]
["( try to ) connect this fermata with a suitable barline .", "connect this fermata with a suitable barline .", "( try to ) connect this fermata with a suitable staff barline .", "( try to ) connect this fermata with the suitable barline .", "( try to staff ) connect this fermata with a suitable barline ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["set velocity at which the entity will rotate per tick .", "set radians ( angle in deg ) at which the entity will rotate per tick .", "radians velocity ( angle in deg ) at which the entity will rotate per tick .", "set velocity ( radians in deg ) at which the entity will rotate per tick .", "velocity ( angle in deg ) at which the entity will rotate per tick ."]
["this will clear and cancel all other pending letters .", "this will clear all other pending letters .", "this will clear and cancel all other letters .", "this will clear and cancel all other pending mail .", "this will clear and mail all other pending letters ."]
["if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "in the module then the resource is not .", "if the resource is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .", "if the resource stream is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated ."]
["can notify the topic after it completes the job .", "completes the job .", "it completes the job .", "notify the topic after it completes the job .", "job ."]
["if there is a transaction open .", "if there is a transaction open , close it before closing the graph .", "if there is a transaction , close it before closing the graph .", "if there is a transaction open the graph .", "if there is a run open , close it before closing the graph ."]
["chaining computations means to begin at a base computation that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second computation k2 to r2 to create one composed computation of k1 to r2 .", "chaining computations means to begin at a compose left computation that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second computation k2 to r2 to create one composed computation of k1 to r2 .", "chaining compose left means to begin at a base computation that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second computation k2 to r2 to create one composed computation of k1 to r2 .", "chaining computations means to begin at a base compose left that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second compose left k2 to r2 to create one compose left computation of k1 to r2 .", "chaining computations means to begin at an base computation that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second computation k2 to r2 to create one composed computation of k1 to r2 ."]
["this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get output ( boolean ) implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file .", "this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get stream ( boolean ) implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file .", "this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get output stream ( ) implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file .", "this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get output stream ( boolean ) implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file .", "this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get output stream implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file ."]
["for variants which are underspecified on the left we must explicitly resolve each possible combination of actual left - side values .", "for variants which are underspecified on the left we must explicitly resolve each possible combination of wildcard left - side values .", "for variants which are underspecified on the wildcard we must explicitly resolve each possible combination of actual left - side values .", "for wildcard which are underspecified on the left we must explicitly resolve each possible combination of actual left - side values .", "for variants which are underspecified on the left we must wildcard resolve each possible combination of actual left - side values ."]
["returns the number of editable columns .", "gets the number of editable columns .", "returns the number of editable columns .", "returns the table of editable columns .", "returns the number ."]
["find out if a given class has is explicitly bound to a scope .", "out if a given class has is explicitly bound to a scope .", "returns out if a given class has is explicitly bound to a scope .", "find out if a given annotation has is explicitly bound to a scope .", "find out if the given class has is explicitly bound to the scope ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain a statement from the pool .", "create or gets a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from the pool .", "create or obtain an statement from the pool ."]
["finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of store data which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of store data source which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .", "finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism .", "finds all implemtaions of data factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath ."]
["have been added with # activate index ( index descriptor ) .", "have been added with # activate index ( descriptor descriptor2 ) .", "have been added with # activate index descriptor2 ) .", "have been added with # activate descriptor ( index descriptor2 ) .", "have been added with # ( index descriptor2 ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns unmodifiable map of module name to hash string .", "returns byte map of module name to hash string .", "returns map of module name to hash string .", "returns unmodifiable map of byte name to hash string .", "returns unmodifiable map of name to hash string ."]
["bxse0003 : http connection required .", "bxse0003 : http connection context required .", "bxse0003 : http context required .", "bxse0003 : http required .", "bxse0003 : servlet http connection required ."]
["you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with - ws 0 api , but this tool requires - ws 1 api .", "you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , this tool requires jax - ws 1 api ."]
["print it into output stream .", "print it .", "print it into output stream .", "returns it into output stream .", "print it into output stream ."]
["to work in test classes .", "to work in test classes .", "to work in test openfire without errors being displayed to stderr .", "to work without the test classes without errors being displayed to stderr .", "to work in test classes displayed to stderr ."]
["imports nodes w / their properties and labels from input # nodes ( ) .", "imports nodes w / their properties from input # nodes ( ) .", "imports nodes w / their properties and labels from input # nodes ( bad ) .", "imports nodes w / their properties and labels from input # bad nodes ( ) .", "imports nodes w / their properties and labels from input and bad nodes ( ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the member ' s incarnation .", "returns the member ' s number .", "returns the incarnation ' s term .", "returns the member ' s incarnation number .", "returns the member ."]
["read one constant from the given input , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given file , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given constant , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given input input , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant the type depends on a tag byte ."]
["provider - person - names", "provider", "provider that are not voided )", "provider )", "expression"]
["test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with an file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test %UNK% module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .", "test module module with a jar file containing a . class and in the top level directory ."]
["the delay is to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created and when the topology is submitted .", "the delay is to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created .", "the is to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created and when the topology is submitted .", "the delay is to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created", "to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created and when the topology is submitted ."]
["integers 0 . . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . priority .", "priority 0 . . . n .", "integers 0 . . . q ."]
["access ( and modify ) a request scoped bean within the stages , but not before .", "access ( and modify ) a request scoped bean within the stages .", "access ( and modify ) a request scoped bean .", "access modify ) a request scoped bean within the stages , but before .", "access ( and modify ) a request scoped bean within the stages ."]
["try to set this alter instance and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) .", "try to set and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) .", "try to set the alter instance and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) .", "try to set this alter instance and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) .", "try to set links and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["output a description of the current annotation configuration .", "output a description of the current configuration .", "output a description of the current err configuration .", "err a description of the current annotation configuration .", "output a description of the annotation configuration ."]
["for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing callback # on error ( this ) .", "for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing this # on error ( throwable ) .", "for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing callback # on error ( this method ) .", "for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing # on error ( throwable ) .", "for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing callback # on error ( ) ."]
["get all roles and to the role assignment rights # # # functional description : retrieve a list of all roles and the role assignment rights .", "returns all roles and to the role assignment rights # # # functional description : retrieve a list of all roles and the role assignment rights .", "get all roles and to the role assignment rights # # # functional description : returns a list of all roles and the role assignment rights .", "roles and to the role assignment rights # # # functional description : retrieve a of all roles .", "# # functional description : retrieve a list of all roles and the role assignment rights ."]
["scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not trust the api - api trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does api trust the service - service trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited api - gateway does not api the service - service trusts gateway certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - api does not trust the service - service trusts api certificate", "scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does api the service - service trusts gateway certificate"]
["for development mode , it should match the module ' s timestamp .", "it should match the module ' s timestamp .", ", it should match the module ' s timestamp .", "for development mode , it should match the equals ' s timestamp .", "for development mode , it should match the module ' s equals ."]
["returns the corresponding ishape renderer for a given scatter shape .", "returns the corresponding shape renderer for a given scatter shape .", "returns the renderer for a given scatter shape .", "returns the corresponding ishape renderer for a given scatter ishape .", "returns the ishape shape renderer for a given scatter shape ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . delete directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . delete subdirectory directory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . sub subdirectory # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . correlated directory # string"]
[": consumer", "consumer", "valid group : consumer", "rdd : consumer", "group : consumer"]
["if the chronology cannot be obtained then an exception will be thrown .", "if the chronology cannot be obtained then an exception will be thrown .", "if the chronology cannot be obtained then a chronology exception will be thrown .", "if the storage cannot be obtained then an exception will be thrown .", "if the text cannot be obtained then an exception will be thrown ."]
["extracts a function signature . with values from a skylark callable - annotated method .", "extracts a function signature . with values from a skylark callable impl - annotated method .", "extracts a function callable impl . with values from a skylark callable - annotated method .", "extracts a function signature . with values from a callable - annotated method .", "extracts a function signature . with values from a callable impl callable - annotated method ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["indicate to all associated become data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given become id", "indicate to all associated data source to assume mastership role for the given partition become leader", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given leader id"]
["returns the distance .", "returns the distance function .", "returns the distance distance .", "returns the distance object .", "returns the distance handler ."]
["returns an rx java flowable that monitors changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx flowable observable that monitors changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx java observable that flowable changes to this realm object .", "returns an flowable java observable that monitors changes to this realm object .", "returns an rx flowable that monitors changes to this realm object ."]
["creates a new instance of block master info from a grpc representation .", "creates a new instance of block master info from a proto representation .", "creates a new instance of block master info from a grpc .", "creates a new instance of block master info .", "creates a new instance of block master info from a representation ."]
["locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified pattern mode ."]
["set the star list to empty .", "sets the agg star list to empty .", "set the agg star list to empty .", "set the agg star list .", "set the agg list to empty ."]
["updates a module m to export a package to all modules .", "updates a opens m to export a package to all modules .", "updates a module m to export a opens to all modules .", "updates a module m to export a package to all modules .", "updates a module opens to export a package to all modules ."]
["inject fields to the provided injector using the primary injector .", "inject injector to the provided injectee using the primary injector .", "inject fields to the provided injectee .", "inject fields to the provided injectee using the primary injector .", "inject fields to the provided function using the primary injector ."]
["join group and sync group , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , map ) if elected leader by the coordinator .", "sync group , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , map ) if elected leader by the coordinator .", "join group and sync group , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , join ) if elected leader by the coordinator .", "join group and sync group , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , send ) if elected leader by the coordinator .", "join group and , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , map ) if elected leader by the coordinator ."]
["sets media item object to render using video view2 .", "sets media item2 object to render using video view2 .", "sets item item2 object to render using video view2 .", "sets media object to render using video view2 .", "sets media item object to render using video view2 ."]
["return rx ratpack . promise (", "return rx ratpack . observable single (", "return rx ratpack . single (", "return rx ratpack . observe single (", "return rx ratpack . all single ("]
["set the name per log file .", "set the current per log file .", "set the max name per log file .", "set the log per log file .", "set the name file ."]
["returns the signature of the signature with the given name and arity .", "returns the signature of the function with the given name .", "returns the signature of the function with the given name and arity .", "returns the signature of the function with the given name and arity .", "returns the signature of the function with the given signature and arity ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( rotate ) ."]
["executes the command within a transaction , and with respect to the specified sudo policy specified in the constructor .", "executes the command within a transaction policy specified in the constructor .", "executes the command within a transaction specified in the constructor .", "executes the transaction within a transaction , and with respect to the specified sudo policy specified in the constructor .", "returns the command within a transaction , and with respect to the specified sudo policy specified in the constructor ."]
["checks if the given string is correct and produces the given output with unescaping deactivated .", "checks if the given escape string is correct and produces the given output with unescaping deactivated .", "checks if the given json string is correct .", "checks if the given json string is correct and produces the given output .", "checks if the given json string is correct with unescaping deactivated ."]
["configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 service instance manager .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 service instance manager .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 instance manager .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 instance manager locator .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 service instance ."]
["see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ specifying a voice ] .", "see : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .", "see sdk : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( map ) ."]
["returns a root provider registry that only supports the java portable primitive .", "returns a java portable provider registry that only supports the impulse primitive .", "returns a root provider registry that only supports the impulse primitive .", "returns a root provider registry that only supports the java primitive .", "returns a root provider java portable that only supports the impulse primitive ."]
["this method will return if this repository is disabled for object passed as parameter and otherwise .", "this method will return if this repository is disabled for object passed as parameter .", "this method will return if this repository is disabled for object passed as and otherwise .", "this method will return if this repository is disabled for object passed as parameter .", "this repository is disabled for object passed as parameter and otherwise ."]
["find the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list .", "returns the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list .", "finds the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list .", "sets the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list .", "return the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list ."]
["converts the given view data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx .", "converts the given data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx .", "converts the given metric data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx .", "converts the given type data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx .", "converts the given time data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx ."]
["removes a urls from the watch list .", "removes a bundle from the watch urls .", "removes a bundle .", "removes a bundle from the urls .", "removes an urls from the watch list ."]
["this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the file after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the name name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the textual part of file name after the last dot .", "this method obtains the extension as the file name part of the filename after the last dot ."]
["delete the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .", "delete the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection .", "delete the blob document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .", "delete the blob metadata document , retrying as necessary .", "delete the cloud metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary ."]
["use two integers , min and max , to track the range of levels .", "use two col , min and max , to track the range of levels .", "use two integers , vertical and max , to track the range of levels .", "use two integers , col and max , to track the range of levels .", "use two nodes , min and max , to track the range of levels ."]
["helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an property iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on a property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .", "helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an property listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["run eri c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run clustering with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "run with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .", "eri clustering with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["test method for ' drools . kie . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '", "test method for ' drools . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '", "test method for ' kie . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '", "test method for ' org . drools . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '", "test method for ' org drools kie . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '"]
["transitive reduction of requires transitive edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires public edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires transitive edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires transitive and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g ."]
["setter for # allowed headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # allowed", "setter for # allow allowed", "setter for # allowed headers"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "returns query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "creates query that searches for query contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query .", "creates query that searches for contacts which match a specific query pattern ."]
["gets the repo group .", "gets the short group .", "gets the contact group .", "gets the group .", "gets the uri group ."]
["the chrono represents the calendar system in use .", "the isochrono represents the calendar system in use .", "the chronology represents the calendar system in use .", "the represents the calendar system in use .", "the chronology chrono the calendar system in use ."]
["setting raw updates handler", "setting raw updates provider", "setting raw updates handler raw", "setting raw updates handler %UNK%", "setting raw updates raw provider"]
["sets the ssl context of the default template .", "sets the ssl context of the default host .", "sets the ssl context of the virtual template .", "sets the ssl context of the default host template .", "sets the ssl context of the virtual host ."]
["verifies that the port to the broker is available .", "verifies that the name to the broker is available .", "verifies that the port to the broker is name .", "verifies that the string to the broker is available .", "verifies that the port to the name is available ."]
["checksums .", "computing checksums .", "computing .", "work checksums .", "guide checksums ."]
["creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "creates a new name if the given does not yet have one .", "creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "returns a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .", "creates a label name if the given label does not yet have one ."]
["queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search create for the given query string .", "queries this create for the given query string .", "create this search source for the given query string ."]
["if the original is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to .", "if the wiki is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to .", "if the id is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to .", "if a is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to .", "if this is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to ."]
["if the property value starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a system property is returned instead .", "if the property value starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a environment property is returned instead .", "if the property environment starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a system property is returned instead .", "if the environment value starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a system environment is returned instead .", "if the property value starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a property is returned instead ."]
["the class must be bookmarkable .", "the class must be bookmarkable and must extend page .", "the class must be and must extend page .", "the class must be bookmarkable extend page .", "the class must be bookmarkable and must extend ."]
["returns true if the embedded social api key is non - empty", "returns true if the embedded social key is non - empty", "returns true if the embedded api app key is non - empty", "returns true if the embedded app key is non - empty", "returns true if the embedded social app api is non - empty"]
["returns the primary conversion type .", "returns the conversion type .", "returns the primary type .", "returns the primary map type .", "returns the map conversion type ."]
["construct a agent manifest message from the given directory manifest .", "construct a agent manifest message from the directory manifest .", "construct a agent manifest message from the given job manifest .", "construct a agent manifest message from the given directory directory manifest .", "construct a agent manifest message from the given directory ."]
["if the items does not have any children , does nothing .", "if the item does not have any children , does nothing .", "if the . does not have any children , does nothing .", "if the item does not have any items , does nothing .", "if the . items does not have any children , does nothing ."]
["test for xqarray # members ( ) .", "test for array # members ( ) .", "test for # members ( ) .", "test for members ( ) .", "test for array # xqarray ( ) ."]
["check partiiton state on all nodes by all caches .", "check partiiton partitions on all nodes by all caches .", "check partitions partiiton state on all nodes by all caches .", "check partiiton state on all partitions by all caches .", "check partiiton state on the nodes by the caches ."]
["if there is currently not resource manager connected , then the request is stashed and send once a new", "if there is currently not manager connected , then the request is stashed and send once a new", "if there is currently resource manager connected , then the request is stashed and send once a new", "if there is currently not connected , then the request is stashed and send once a new", "if there is currently not resource manager connected and send once a new"]
["it creates a topic using producer .", "it creates a topic using kafka producer .", "it creates a topic .", "it creates a topic producer .", "it creates a topic using topic producer ."]
["checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains elem @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains element @ param str .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param elem .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param element .", "checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains t @ param str ."]
["this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long ) .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , ) .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , .", "this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , ) ."]
["the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochronology using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the isochronology in isochrono using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochronology using the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochronology the = = operator .", "the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochrono using the = = operator ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ status . status status", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ id . id status", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ . status", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . status", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project ."]
["return a socket address for the local socket .", "return a address for the local socket .", "return a addr socket address for the local socket .", "return a inet socket address for the local socket .", "return a socket address addr for the local socket ."]
["add a path to the path trie", "add the path to the path trie", "add an path to the path trie", "add a path to a path trie", "add a path to the path trie ."]
["removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all metadata for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata metadata entity .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity .", "removes all metadata tags ) for the specified metadata entity ."]
["overrides the name of the character encoding used in the body of the response .", "overrides the name of the character encoding used in the body of the response .", "overrides the character encoding used in the body of the response .", "the name of the character encoding used in the body of the response .", "overrides the name of the character encoding encoding used in the body of the response ."]
["decorates services .", "decorates under the specified directory .", "services under the specified directory .", "decorates services under the specified .", "decorates services under the specified http ."]
["commands to apply given .", "transaction to commands given .", "transaction commands apply given .", "transaction given .", "apply given ."]
["returns a rule that restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns an rule that restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns the rule that restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "get a rule that restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client ."]
["executes pems # x509 certificate ( source , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format .", "executes pems # x509 certificate ( input source , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format .", "executes pems # x509 certificate ( wrap , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format .", "executes pems # x509 certificate ( input source , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format .", "executes pems # x509 certificate ( input , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format ."]
["equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) ( distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) .", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) . distribution )", "equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) ( distribution"]
["append to a string buffer .", "append to the string buffer .", "append to a string .", "to a string buffer .", "append to string buffer ."]
["get all pinot table names ( server resources ) .", "get all pinot table names .", "get all table names ( server resources ) .", "get the pinot table names ( server resources ) .", "returns all pinot table names ( server resources ) ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( object ) ."]
["determines whether the specified charset is supported by this runtime .", "returns whether the specified charset is supported by this runtime .", "determines whether the charset is supported by this runtime .", "determines returns the specified charset is supported by this runtime .", "determines whether this charset is supported by this runtime ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for %UNK% and debugging ."]
["a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but current device speaker is activated", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but current device speaker is activated", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but current device speaker is connectable", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are connectable , but current device speaker is activated", "a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but connectable device speaker is activated"]
["adds glyphs for the the specified text .", "adds for the the specified text .", "adds char sequence for the the specified text .", "adds glyphs for the the given text .", "adds glyphs ."]
["returns the jaas realm named .", "returns the jaas realm named as realm name .", "returns the jaas realm as realm .", "returns the jaas realm as realm", "returns the jaas realm named as realm name ."]
["provide supported thing type uid ' s", "supported thing type uid ' s", "provide thing thing type uid ' s", "provide type thing type uid ' s", "provide supported thing type uid ' s"]
["it counts length of all frame .", "counts length of all frame buffers .", "it counts length of the frame buffers .", "it counts length of all buffers .", "it counts length of all frame allocation ."]
["this method will test given class by checking if it is available in injection manager locator that has been injected from the jersey context .", "this method will test given class by checking if it is available in injection manager that has been injected from the jersey context .", "this method will test given class by checking if it is available in injection locator that has been injected from the jersey context .", "this method will test given class by checking if it is available in instance locator that has been injected from the jersey context .", "this method will test given class by checking if it is available in instance manager locator that has been injected from the jersey context ."]
["returns the split brain protection name for queue operations .", "returns the split name for queue operations .", "returns the split brain name for queue operations .", "returns the name for queue operations .", "returns the brain brain protection name for queue operations ."]
["returns whether this deployment spec specifies the given zone", "returns whether this deployment spec specifies the given zone , either implicitly or explicitly", "returns whether this deployment spec specifies the given zone .", "returns whether this environment spec specifies the given zone , either implicitly or explicitly", "returns whether this deployment spec specifies the given environment , either implicitly or explicitly"]
["enable memory file channel access .", "enable memory file access .", "enable memory file access .", "enable memory access file channel access .", "enable memory access ."]
["gets the builder .", "gets the new .", "gets the new builder .", "gets the object .", "gets the new new ."]
["set the message to human agent .", "builder the message to human agent .", "sets the message .", "sets the message to human agent .", "sets the builder to human agent ."]
["assert that the named response header exists .", "assert that the named response header does exists .", "assert that the named response header .", "assert that the named response header does exist .", "assert that the named response header returns ."]
["returns the chain of if available and accessible .", "returns the chain of client certificates , if available and accessible .", "returns the chain of , if available and accessible .", "returns the chain of certificates , if available and accessible .", "returns the chain of client certificates ."]
["the ec vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key create options vault key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key ec vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["this determines the behaviour of tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing .", "this determines the of tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing .", "this returns the behaviour of tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing .", "the determines the behaviour of tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing .", "tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing ."]
["turns this streamable into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this streamable into a connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this streamable into a stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this streamable into an connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data", "turns this streamable into a connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data"]
["sends a request immediately without getting .", "sends a request .", "sends a request a response .", "sends a request immediately without getting", "fire immediately without getting a response ."]
["add insert value .", "add optimized value .", "optimized insert value .", "add value .", "add optimized insert value ."]
["creates a twitter token stream that aggregates the outputs of a given set of token streams .", "creates a twitter token stream that aggregates the outputs of a twitter given set of token streams .", "creates a token twitter stream that aggregates the outputs of a given set of token streams .", "creates a token stream that aggregates the outputs of a given set of token streams .", "creates token stream that aggregates the outputs of creates a twitter given set of token streams ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the pivot of a item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end .", "returns the pivot of a abstract on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end .", "returns the pivot of a abstract item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end .", "returns the pivot of a item item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end .", "returns the pivot of an abstract item on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end ."]
["default is to have both left and right buttons pressed when moving .", "default is to have both left buttons pressed when moving .", "default is to have both left and right buttons when moving .", "default is to have both left and buttons pressed when moving .", "default is to have both left pressed when moving ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["code snippet for data lake directory async client # get subdirectory async client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory async client # get directory subdirectory client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory async client # subdirectory directory async client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory async client # get subdirectory directory async client ( string )", "code snippet for data lake directory async client # sub subdirectory async client ( string )"]
["transforms this try by applying if on success to this value or on failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by if either on success to this value or on failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by applying either if success to this value or if failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by applying either on success to this value or if failure to this cause .", "transforms this try by applying either on success to this value or on if to this cause ."]
["initializes this authenticated user using the given credentials .", "initializes this authenticated user .", "initializes this authenticated user using the given credentials .", "initializes this user using the given credentials .", "initializes this credentials user using the given credentials ."]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # parent parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain #", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # name parent configurations .", "finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain configurations ."]
["sets the value of the ' public ports ' field", "sets the value of the ' public ' field", "sets the value of the ' public port ' field", "sets the value of the ' public ports ' field", "sets the value of the ' ports port ' field"]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["should be called when the media session2 # play ( ) is called .", "should be called when the media session2 # play is called .", "should be called when the media session2 # ( ) is called .", "should be called when the media session2 play ( ) is called .", "should when the media session2 # play ( ) is called ."]
["is not set , the operation returns a error .", "if a notification configuration for a vault is not set , the returns a error .", "if a notification configuration for a vault is not set , the operation returns a .", "if a notification configuration for a vault is not set , the operation returns a error .", "if a notification configuration for a vault is not set , operation returns error ."]
["same as # of ( int ) except with the default number of threads .", "same as # of except with the default number of threads .", "same as # of ( , int ) except with the default number of threads .", "same as # of ( boolean int ) except with the default number of threads .", "same as # of boolean , except with the default number of threads ."]
["if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same", "and tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request"]
["reserve ids used by the predicates .", "reserve ids used by the predicates or constraints associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the constraints or constraints associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the predicates associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the predicates with some join graph ."]
["returns the \" real \" location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from src / .", "returns the \" real \" location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from src / test / .", "returns the \" real \" location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from .", "returns the \" real \" location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from src / resources / .", "returns the \" real \" location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from / ."]
["get encryption scope override property : prevent encryption scope override property .", "encryption scope override property : prevent encryption scope override property .", "get encryption scope override property : encryption scope override property .", "encryption scope override property : encryption scope override property .", "encryption scope override property : encryption scope override property ."]
["verifies the user ' s pw1 with the appropriate mode .", "verifies the user ' s pw1 .", "verifies the user pw3 with the appropriate mode .", "verifies the user or pw3 with the appropriate mode .", "verifies the signature ' s pw1 or pw3 with the appropriate mode ."]
["store the engine internals , always as user files .", "store the engine internals ( model norms ) , always as user files .", "store the engine internals ( norms ) , always as user files .", "store the engine internals ) , always as user .", "store the engine internals ( model norms ) , always as user files ."]
["creates changes affected with info about changes .", "creates changes container with info about changes .", "returns changes container with info about changes .", "creates changes container with affected about changes .", "creates changes container with info about the changes ."]
["validates that the # component model is valid for the given configuration provider", "validates that the # model is valid for the given configuration provider", "validates that the # operation component is valid for the given configuration provider", "validates that the # operation model is valid for the given configuration provider", "validates that component # operation model is valid for the given configuration provider"]
["returns the module reader for the given module .", "returns the module reader for the given module .", "returns reader for given module .", "returns the module reader for the given module .", "returns the module reader for the given module ."]
["the returned rx plain is a special plain that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the returned rx dao is a plain dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the returned plain dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with plain observables .", "the rx returned plain is a special dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .", "the returned rx dao is a plain that let ' s you interact with rx observables ."]
["remove from cache all entries that match the given predicate .", "remove from cache all entries that match the given predicate .", "remove from cache all entries that match the given cache .", "remove from cache key all entries that match the given predicate .", "remove from cache the entries that match the given predicate ."]
["add to the hash table with .", "add to the hash table associated .", "add to the hash table associated .", "add to the hash table associated .", "add to the hash table associated ."]
["copies the contents from the fist value into the second .", "copies the contents from the fist attribute value into the second .", "copies the contents from the attribute value into the second .", "copies the contents from the fist attribute into the second .", "copies the contents from the fist attribute value ."]
["generate a factor statuses from a string .", "generate a factor from a string .", "generate an factor status from a string .", "generate a factor statuses from an string .", "factor status from a string ."]
["setter for # allow only requested header", "setter for # only requested header", "setter for # expose allow requested header", "setter for # allow only allow header", "setter for # allow only header"]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["sets the oauth2 access token response client to be used for getting an oauth2 authorized client for client _ credentials grant .", "sets the oauth2 access token response client to be used for getting an oauth2 authorized client for client _ credentials .", "sets the oauth2 access token response client to be used for getting an oauth2 authorized client for client credentials grant .", "sets the access token response client to be used for getting an authorized client for client _ credentials grant .", "sets the oauth2 access token response client to be used for getting an oauth2 authorized client for client _ grant ."]
["this formats the date - time to the specified destination .", "the prints the date - time to the specified destination .", "this prints the date - time to the specified destination .", "this prints the temporal - time to the specified destination .", "this adds the date - time to the specified destination ."]
["calculates convex hull of all the vertices during build time", "calculates convex hull of all the vertices during build time convex", "calculates build convex hull of all the vertices during build time", "calculates convex hull of all the vertices during convex time", "calculates convex convex hull of all the vertices during build time"]
["gets the set of this charset ' s aliases .", "returns the set of this charset ' s aliases .", "gets the set of this charset .", "gets the set of this aliases ' s aliases .", "gets the set of this charset ' s aliases ."]
["the rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .", "the camel rest to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .", "the camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .", "the camel component to use for the transport , such as restlet , spark - .", "the camel consumer rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest ."]
["the comparison is based on the position of the dates .", "time - line position of the dates .", "this is based on the time - line position of the dates .", "is based on the time - line position of the dates .", "based on the time - line position of the dates ."]
["automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit .", "simple db automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit .", "db automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit .", "simple db automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit", "db adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit ."]
["obtains an instance of offset date from an id .", "obtains an instance of offset date from an zone .", "obtains an instance of id date from an instant .", "obtains an instance of offset date from a id .", "obtains an instance of offset date from an instant ."]
["redshift returns all security groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "groups that match any combination of the specified values .", "all security groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "security groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys values ."]
["deletes a lines .", "deletes an lines .", "deletes a line .", "returns a line .", "deletes lines ."]
["opens a janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens an janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a graph database configured according to the provided configuration ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to an module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a given module packaged as a modular jar ."]
["set belegart .", "set lesen .", "set standardgenauigkeit .", "set bezugsnebenkosten .", "set kostenrechnungsgenauigkeit ."]
["builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree time time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree bar time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a time time series and an indicator ."]
["this will return the secret secret with value included of its latest version .", "this will return the secret secret with value included of its properties version .", "this will return the properties of secret secret with value included of its latest version .", "this will return the secret secret with properties included of its latest version .", "this will return the properties secret secret with value included of its latest version ."]
["builds a metastorage key for continuous object .", "builds a metastorage key for continuous task object .", "builds a key for pending continuous object .", "builds a continuous for pending task object .", "builds a metastorage key for continuous task object ."]
["retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata ."]
["creates a valid sort operation .", "creates a valid table operation .", "creates a valid table operation operation .", "creates a table sort operation .", "creates a table operation sort operation ."]
["returns the server list for the requested cluster .", "returns the configured list for the requested cluster .", "returns the list for the requested cluster .", "returns the cluster list for the requested cluster .", "returns the server list for the configured cluster ."]
["` deprecated ` : number of admins ( for rooms only )", "` number of admins ( for rooms only )", "` : number of admins ( for rooms only )", "deprecated number of admins ( for rooms only )", "` 2 ` : number of admins ( for rooms only )"]
["setter for # allow headers", "setter for # headers", "setter for # allow headers", "setter for # expose allow", "setter for # allow"]
["creates tag open api definition .", "creates tag open definition .", "creates tag swagger definition .", "creates tag definition .", "creates tag api api definition ."]
["queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this source for the given query string .", "queries the given query string .", "create this search source for the given query string ."]
["if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply back to coordinator", "if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply back to coordinator .", "if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply back to", "if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply to coordinator", "if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply back to %UNK%"]
["retrieves all the of controller services in this ni fi .", "retrieves all the of controller services in this ni fi .", "retrieves the the of controller services in this ni fi .", "retrieves all the of tasks services in this ni fi .", "retrieves tasks the of controller services in this ni fi ."]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null ."]
["sets the text .", "sets the title .", "sets the title text .", "returns the title text .", "sets this text ."]
["implements the - - run legacy handling .", "implements the - - run legacy handling .", "implements the - legacy handling .", "implements the - .", "implements the - - run run handling ."]
["builder the none of the above prompt .", "set the none of the above prompt .", "sets the builder of the above prompt .", "sets the none of the prompt .", "sets the none of the above prompt ."]
["this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( quaterniondc , double , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( quaterniond , double , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( quaterniond ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( double , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( , double , double ) using their relative interpolation weights ."]
["if true , given pre blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given pre evaluate blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given blocks blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given o blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given partial pre are not evaluated when defined but when used ."]
["the action type .", "the endpoint action .", "the endpoint type .", "the action action type .", "the type ."]
["decorates services whose route matches the specified pattern .", "services whose route matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified", "decorates services whose route matches the specified server pattern ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the raw transaction data ( trytes ) of a specific transaction .", "returns the transaction data ( trytes ) of a specific transaction .", "returns the raw transaction data of a specific transaction .", "returns the data ( trytes ) of a specific transaction .", "returns the transaction transaction data ( trytes ) of a specific transaction ."]
["gets the c colour at the corresponding point on the gradient .", "gets the \\ c colour at the corresponding point on the gradient .", "gets the \\ colour at the corresponding point on the gradient .", "returns the \\ c colour at the corresponding point on the gradient .", "gets the colour c colour at the corresponding point on the gradient ."]
["if true , given pre blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given blocks blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given pre evaluate blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given evaluate blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given pre - blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used ."]
["return a new terms in which term of core node name is removed", "return a new terms in which term of node name is removed", "return a new terms in which term of values node name is removed", "return a new terms which term of is removed", "return a new terms in which term of values is removed"]
["convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if necessary .", "returns the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .", "convert the attribute if attribute and add it to the profile ."]
["removes all the tags from the metadata entity id", "removes all the tags from the namespaced entity", "removes all the tags from the metadata entity", "removes all the tags from the metadata id", "removes all the tags from the metadata entity metadata"]
["returns the non - empty endpoints of the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails .", "returns the endpoints of the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails .", "returns the the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails .", "returns the non - empty - endpoints of the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails .", "returns the filter of the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails ."]
["the maximum size for # extra data is 32600 bytes .", "the maximum size for # extra data is 32600 extra data .", "the maximum size for # extra extra data is 32600 bytes .", "the maximum size for # extra consumer is 32600 bytes .", "the maximum size for # extra extra is 32600 bytes ."]
["returns true if field ufs fingerprint ms is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ufs time fingerprint is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ufs modification fingerprint is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ufs modification fingerprint ms is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ufs last fingerprint is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .", "nota are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram ."]
["method to check if db db is a type of edb .", "method to check if postgres db is a type of edb .", "method to check if type db is a type of edb .", "method to check if database db is a type of edb .", "method to returns if postgres db is a type of edb ."]
["this bootstraps the layout and the management server with the existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the management server .", "this bootstraps the layout and server with existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the management server .", "this bootstraps the layout management server with the existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the management server .", "this bootstraps the layout existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the .", "this bootstraps the layout with the existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the management server ."]
["we assume # can serialize ( serialized value ) returns or a runtime exception may be thrown .", "we assume # can serialize ( serialized ) returns or a runtime exception may be thrown .", "we assume # can serialize ( string ) returns or a runtime exception may be thrown .", "we assume # can serialize returns or a runtime exception may be thrown .", "we assume # can serialize ( returns or a runtime exception may be thrown ."]
["adjust dates to be within 80 years before and 20 years after instantiation", "adjust dates to be within 80 years before", "adjust dates to be within 80 years before", "dates to be within 80 years before and 20 years after instantiation", "adjust dates to be within 80 years before years after instantiation"]
["the method is used to disallow any further command sending until next # connect ( ) call .", "the method is used to disallow any further command sending until next # disconnect ( ) call .", "the method is used to disconnect any further command sending until next # connect ( ) call .", "the method is used to disallow any further command sending until next # ( ) call .", "the method is used to disallow any further disconnect sending until next # connect ( ) call ."]
["primary input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband source ( ie tuner )", "input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband source ( ie tuner )", "primary input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband source", "primary input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband ( ie tuner )", "buffer input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband source ( ie tuner )"]
["get a map of counter names and values", "get a map of counter names", "get a superstep of counter names and values", "get a list of counter names and values", "get a counter of counter names and values"]
["add an asynchronous part with publisher - based content .", "add an asynchronous part with publisher .", "add an asynchronous part .", "add an asynchronous part - based .", "add a part with publisher - based content ."]
["indicate to all associated transfer data sourceto prepare assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data sourceto transfer assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data sourceto prepare transfer mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data sourceto prepare assume transfer role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export transfer sourceto prepare assume mastership role for the given partition id"]
["reads all available bytes from input stream as a byte input .", "reads all available bytes from input stream as a byte buffer .", "reads all available bytes from buffer as a byte array .", "reads all available bytes from input stream as a byte buffer .", "reads all available bytes from input stream as a byte buffer ."]
["if the reading user and the target user are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required .", "if the reading user and the target entity are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required .", "if the reading user and the target permissions are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required .", "if the permissions user and the target user are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required .", "if the reading permissions and the target permissions are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required ."]
["the option is a type .", "the collect is a type .", "the endpoint is a type .", "a option is a type .", "the spark is a type ."]
["queries this search for the given search pattern .", "queries this search create for the given search pattern .", "create this search source for the given search pattern .", "queries this search query for the given search pattern .", "query this search source for the given search pattern ."]
["if you do not close the iterator then the remains open .", "the iterator then the remains open .", "iterator then the remains open .", "if you do not close the iterator the remains open .", "if you do not saves the iterator then the remains open ."]
["the bucket id that is included in this file .", "the id that is included in this file .", "the id bucket that is included in this file .", "the that is included in this file .", "the bucket ."]
["encode each contexts .", "encode each resource .", "contexts each value .", "encode an contexts .", "encode value ."]
["checks to make sure that all properties specified in properties are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all enumeration specified in enumeration are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all e specified in e are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that all properties specified in properties are known to the program by checking that the simply overrides a default value .", "checks to make sure that the properties specified in properties are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value ."]
["shuts down the channel .", "shuts down the managed channel .", "shuts down managed channel .", "shuts down a managed channel .", "shuts down the managed managed ."]
["this indicator says if - - return type parameter should be visible or not .", "this indicator says if default return type parameter should be visible or not .", "this indicator says - default return type parameter should be visible or not .", "this indicator says if - - return parameter should be visible or not .", "this indicator says if - - return type parameter should be visible ."]
["execute http request .", "execute http request and produce a response .", "execute http and produce a response .", "execute http http and produce a response .", "execute http produce a response ."]
["increment the count of triggered asynchronous state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered state count state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered asynchronous state updates .", "increment the count of triggered component state updates ( by one ) .", "increment the count of triggered state updates ( by one ) ."]
["if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise", "if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal", "if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .", "if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal argument exception is thrown ."]
["creates the artifact file path if needed .", "creates the jdeps artifact path if needed .", "creates the create file path if needed .", "returns the jdeps file path if needed .", "creates the jdeps file artifact if needed ."]
["decode an action profile group with members information to a pi profile action group .", "decode an action profile group with members information to a profile profile action group .", "decode an action pi profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode a profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode an profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group ."]
["this method retrieves the status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning .", "the method retrieves the status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning .", "retrieves the status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning .", "note : this method retrieves the status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning .", "status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning ."]
["returns the response object with list of dhcp aggregate without counters .", "returns the response object with list of aggregate servers without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp relay without counters .", "returns the response object with list of dhcp counters without counters .", "returns the response object with list of counters servers without counters ."]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , repository id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time r id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository time id = ? ."]
["generates a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name and is consistent with other \" system names \" .", "generates a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name names \" .", "returns a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name and is consistent with other \" system names \" .", "generates a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name \" system names \" .", "generates a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name with other \" system names \" ."]
["the timestamp last update to the counterexample .", "the timestamp for the update to the counterexample .", "the last update to the counterexample .", "the timestamp .", "the updated for the last update to the counterexample ."]
["returns the parameters .", "returns the highligh parameters .", "returns the highligh parameters .", "returns the map .", "returns the parameters info ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically committed .", "this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically committed", "this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically .", "this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically committed .", "this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically committed ."]
["note : this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .", "this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .", "note : this method resolves data locations for the shard .", "note : this method custom data locations for the shard .", "note : this method resolves shard data locations for the shard ."]
["print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser .", "scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser .", "print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser .", "print scored parse trees sentence in format used by charniak .", "print scored parse trees for one sentence format used by charniak ."]
["gets the ssl host config infos .", "gets the config infos .", "gets the sslhost config infos .", "gets the host host config infos .", "gets the ssl config infos ."]
["revised parameters .", "limit parameters .", "revise limit .", "revise parameters .", "revise revised ."]
["always iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or backward edge .", "iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or backward edge .", "always iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or segment edge .", "segment iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or backward edge .", "fixed iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or backward edge ."]
["for more information about the vault locking ,", "for more information about the vault locking process", "for more information about the vault locking process vault ,", "for more information about the vault locking", "for more information about the vault locking process , amazon machine"]
["it is not very important to select a precise bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end .", "it is not very important to select a precise staff bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end .", "it is not very staff to select a precise bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end .", "it is not very important to select a staff bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end .", "it is not very important to staff a precise bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end ."]
["provides the default google credentials bundle from the google cloud runtime .", "provides the default google credentials from the google cloud runtime .", "provides the google credential from the google cloud runtime .", "provides the credentials bundle google credential from the google cloud runtime .", "provides the default google bundle from the google cloud runtime ."]
["returns the default option type for property maps for the given value class .", "returns the option type for property maps for the given value class .", "returns the default option type for map maps for the given value class .", "returns the default option type for option maps for the given value class .", "returns the map option type for property maps for the given value class ."]
["this declaration is of the form \" label label xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label label = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the form \" label l xxx = new label ( ) ; \" .", "this declaration is of the label \" label l xxx = new label ( ) ; \" ."]
["merges all the changes in other into this instance .", "merges all the changes .", "merges the the changes in other into this instance .", "merges all a changes in other into this instance .", "merges all the changes in other into the instance ."]
["sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the 18 style of the individual cells on the bottom", "sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the region style of the individual cells on the bottom"]
["show the fragment information about this application .", "show the displaying information about this application .", "show the fragment displaying information about this application .", "show the show displaying information about this application .", "show the fragment displaying information about this application ."]
["gets the right value or throws , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the provider value or throws , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the value or throws , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the throws , if the projected either is a left .", "gets the right value or throws , if the projected either is a provider ."]
["runs the shell command which is specified , along with its arguments , in the given array .", "runs the shell command which is specified , along with its arguments .", "run the shell command which is specified , along with its arguments , in the given array .", "runs the command which is specified , along with its arguments , in the given array .", "runs the run command which is specified , along with its arguments , in the given array ."]
["returns a graph containing only requires transitive edges with transitive reduction .", "returns a graph containing only requires transitive edges with transitive reduction .", "returns a graph containing only requires transitive with transitive reduction .", "returns a graph containing only requires edges with transitive reduction .", "returns a graph containing only transitive public edges with transitive reduction ."]
["timeslot number for this isch", "timeslot for this isch", "channel timeslot for this isch", "number for this isch", "channel timeslot for this isch"]
["retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro aware manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of wro factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of manager factory .", "this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of context aware manager factory ."]
["it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph as mutable , then add the edge connecting them .", "it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph graph , then add the edge connecting them ."]
["parent will have modified time to set to layer configuration # default _ modified _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer entry # default _ configuration _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer # default _ modified _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer # default configuration _ time .", "parent will have modified time to set to layer entry # _ default configuration _ time ."]
["this defaults to all of the type plain action in plain action plugin # get actions ( ) .", "this defaults to all of the plain action in type plain action plugin # get actions ( ) .", "this defaults to all of the plain action type in plain action type plugin # get actions ( ) .", "this defaults to all of this type plain action in plain action plugin # get actions ( ) .", "this defaults to all of the plain action in plain action plugin # get actions ( ) ."]
["add a event log entry , but don ' t log .", "add a event entry item , but don ' t log .", "add a item , but don ' t log .", "add a event log , but don ' t log .", "add a event log entry , but don ' t log ."]
["returns a vector with all the classnames of the specified property in the generic properties creator .", "returns a vector with all the classnames of the specified property in the", "returns a vector with the the classnames of the specified property in the generic properties creator .", "returns a vector with all the classnames of the specified property in the string creator .", "returns a vector with all the classnames of the specified property in the generic string creator ."]
["gets the master secret used for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .", "returns the master secret used for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .", "gets the master secret exchanged in this session .", "gets the secret secret used for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .", "gets the master secret encrypting application layer data exchanged in ."]
["is grant type supported .", "is grand type grant .", "is grand grant supported .", "is grand type .", "is type supported ."]
["the default implementation is a nop .", "the log implementation is a nop .", "the jca implementation is a nop .", "this implementation is a nop .", "the cache implementation is a nop ."]
["return point dimension count", "return point data dimension", "return point data count", "return point data dimension count", "return point data dimension count"]
["sets the create parameter used for creating new pages .", "sets the create parameter for creating new pages .", "sets the additional data used for creating new pages .", "sets the additional create parameter used for creating new pages .", "sets the data used for creating new pages ."]
["executes random mutator and accessor operations on async _ page data store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous async _ page store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous data async _ page validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous async _ page store validating that the used async _ page structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously ."]
["this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source <UPDATE_END> authority name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given authority name param"]
["calls plugin # after declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # did after getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # after getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins", "calls plugin # after declare getter ( spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins"]
["getter parameter value for file name", "getter parameter value for path or file name", "getter parameter value for path file name", "getter parameter value for path name", "getter parameter value for file name path"]
["to prevent this , implement this method such that it returns an widened bound for the two qualifiers that is wider than the least upper bound .", "to widened this , implement this method such that it returns an upper bound for the two qualifiers that is wider than the least upper bound .", "to prevent this , implement this method such that it returns a bound for the two qualifiers that is wider than the least upper bound .", "to prevent this , implement this method such that it returns bound for the two qualifiers that is wider than the least upper bound .", "to prevent this , implement this method such that it returns an upper bound for the two widened that is wider than the least upper bound ."]
["minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras before _ roc / roc .", "minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras of era before roc / roc .", "minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras _ before _ roc / roc .", "minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras of era _ before _ roc / roc .", "minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras _ roc / roc ."]
["this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified properties of versions .", "this will return the key keys with properties of key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return properties of the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .", "this will return the key keys with key material properties of the specified versions ."]
["the client default connection manager is set to pooling http client connection manager .", "the client connection manager is set to default pooling http client connection manager .", "the default connection manager is set to pooling http client connection manager .", "the client connection manager is set connection manager .", "the client connection manager is set manager ."]
["# # # \u24d8 further information : overwriting an existing keypair is not possible .", "\u24d8 further information : overwriting an existing keypair is not possible .", "# \u24d8 further information : overwriting an existing keypair is not possible .", "\u24d8 further information : overwriting an existing keypair is not possible .", "\u24d8 further information : overwriting an keypair ."]
["get the current iproperty locator .", "get the current set locator .", "get the current locator .", "get the current iget locator .", "get the current iproperty ."]
["returns an adjusted date based on this date .", "returns a date based on this date .", "returns an adjusted date", "returns an adjusted date .", "returns a adjusted date based on this date ."]
["question is identified by it ' s question number , and the feedback session name .", "question is identified by it ' s question number , and the feedback session name and course id of the question .", "question is identified by it ' s question number and the feedback session name and .", "question is identified by it ' s question number , and the feedback session name id of the question .", "question is identified by it ' s question number , and the feedback session course id of the question ."]
["group : transfer", "group : transfer exception", "transfer : producer", "group : exception", "group : producer"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["the acls used by the quorum actor .", "the acls used by the actor and watcher .", "the acls used .", "the acls used watcher .", "the acls used by the acl actor and watcher ."]
["provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a current environment .", "provides a list of all configs wrappers corresponding to a current environment .", "provides a list of all connection corresponding to a current environment ."]
["returns the user if the token hash is found , else optional . absent ( ) .", "returns the user login if the token hash is found , else optional . absent ( ) .", "returns the user login if the token hash is found , optional . absent ( ) .", "returns the user login if the token hash is found absent ( ) .", "returns the user if the token hash is found , else optional absent ( ) ."]
["map method name to the new name .", "map method name .", "map method name to the name .", "method name to the new name .", "map method name to the ."]
["the rsa key create options is required .", "the create rsa key options is required .", "the rsa key options is required .", "the key rsa key options is required .", "the create vault rsa key options is required ."]
["ttl is 60 seconds and specified duration is 20 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds .", "if ttl is 60 seconds specified duration is 20 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds .", "duration is 20 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds .", "if ttl is 60 seconds duration is 20 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds .", "if ttl is 60 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds ."]
["this condition is most notably false for arrays , where encoded equality does not correspond to java equality .", "this condition is most notably false for arrays , where encoded equality does not correspond to .", "this condition is most notably false for arrays , where encoded equality does not correspond to equality", "false for arrays where encoded equality does not correspond to java equality .", "notably false for arrays , where encoded equality does not correspond to java equality ."]
["parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market stream .", "parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market ."]
["returns the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle - version in the manifest", "returns the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle version in the manifest", "returns the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle in the manifest", "gets the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle - version in the manifest", "returns the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle - version in the manifest"]
["appends a value to the file .", "appends a value to the value and return it ' s offset .", "appends a value to the file and return it ' s offset .", "appends the file and return it ' s offset .", "appends the value to the file and return it ' s offset ."]
["todo currently not used - but will eventually be called from bx - bot ui", "todo currently not used - but will eventually be called from bx - bot ui .", "currently not used but will eventually be called from bx -", "todo currently not used - but will eventually be called from bx ui", "currently not used but will eventually be called from bx -"]
["check if kerberos is enabled .", "check if kerberos is enabled .", "check if kerberos is kerberos .", "check .", "check if use is enabled ."]
["get the representative timeline event for this cell .", "get the representative event for this cell .", "get the representative single event for this cell .", "get the representative timeline event for this cell .", "get the representative timeline event ."]
["loads the mu commander configuration .", "loads the mu commander .", "loads the commander configuration .", "loads the mu commander command .", "loads the mu commander configuration ."]
["returns an transformer version of # run ( observable ) .", "returns a transformer version of # run ( observable ) .", "returns a transformer of # run ( observable ) .", "returns an transformer of # run ( observable ) .", "returns an version of # run ( observable ) ."]
["creates a new multiplexed thrift call service with the specified service implementations .", "returns a new multiplexed thrift call service with the specified service implementations .", "creates a new thrift call service with the specified service implementations .", "creates a new multiplexed thrift call service with the given service implementations .", "creates a new multiplexed thrift call service with the specified iterable implementations ."]
["the new base series holds a copy of all bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series .", "the new series holds a copy of all base bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series .", "the new series holds a copy of all bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series .", "the new series holds a copy of new base bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series .", "the new series holds a copy of a base bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series ."]
["generates a code sample for using file async client # set properties ( long , file http headers , file smb properties , string )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # set properties ( long , http headers httpheaders , http headers smb properties , string )", "generates a code sample for , http headers async client # set properties ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties , string )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # set properties ( long , file http headers , file smb properties , string )", "generates a code sample for using file async client # set properties ( long , file http , file smb properties , string )"]
["check if the tracking code correspond the the empty reference .", "check if the trackable code correspond the the empty reference .", "check correspond the the empty reference .", "check if correspond the the empty reference .", "check code correspond the the empty reference ."]
["the poller flux poller flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the allows flux allows flux allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller allows flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .", "the poller poller poller flux users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status ."]
["this method does the same as # check solidity ( hash , boolean ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed .", "this method does the same as # check solidity ( hash , int ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed .", "this method does the same as # check solidity ( hash , int ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed .", "this method does the same as # check solidity ( boolean , int ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed .", "this method does the same as # check solidity ( hash , , int ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed ."]
["used to determine if the player can be used , e . g if the binary is accessible .", "used to determine if the player can be used , g if the binary is accessible .", "used to determine if the player can be used", "used to determine if the player can be used g if the binary is accessible .", "used to determine if the player can be used , executable . g if the binary is accessible ."]
["code snippets for blob async client # set http headers with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders http headers response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with http headers ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # set with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )", "code snippets for blob async client # http headers httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )"]
["if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation handlers listener adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new handlers event listener adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event handlers adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event listener adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new event listener adapter ."]
["if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # filter object ( t , string ) .", "if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # object ( t , string ) .", "if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # filter object ( t , string ) .", "if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # filter ( t , string ) .", "if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # filter object ( t , ) ."]
["if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all the setting settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all the configuration configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state ."]
["this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version ."]
["the system modules are typically linked into the java run - time image .", "the system modules are typically linked into the run - time image .", "java run - time image .", "the system system are typically linked into the java run - time image .", "the system module are typically linked into the java run - time image ."]
["returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence with offset of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has array with sequence of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence with sequence of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier has array of - 1 .", "returns whether or not this qualifier sequence array with offset of - 1 ."]
["sets the asset entry remote service .", "sets the asset remote service .", "sets the ratings asset remote service .", "sets the entry asset service .", "sets the asset entry remote asset ."]
["such pixels are marked with a specific color ( back foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground .", "such pixels are marked with a specific color ( hole foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground .", "such pixels are marked with a specific back ( green foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground .", "such pixels are marked with a specific color ( green foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground .", "such pixels are marked with a specific hole ( green foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground ."]
["gets a list of the unfinished leaf tasks in the order in which those", "gets a list of the unfinished leaf in the order in which those", "gets a list of the unfinished string in the order in which those", "gets a list of the unfinished string tasks in the order in which those", "gets a list of the unfinished tasks in the order in which those"]
["returns the p2 byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - public key part .", "returns the p2 pkhpub byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - public key part .", "returns the byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - public key part .", "returns the 4 byte header for bip32 wallet - public key part .", "returns the 4 byte p2 pkhpub for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - public key part ."]
["paint inter image , plus a line from inter center to staff reference point if any , plus inter links if any .", "inter image , plus a line from inter center to staff reference point if any , plus inter links if any .", "paint image , plus a line from center to staff reference point if any , plus links if any .", "paint inter image , plus a line from inter center to reference point if any , plus inter links if any .", "image , plus a line from inter center to staff reference point if any , plus inter links if any ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one or several user response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained users .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the year portion of a given date in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year portion of a date - in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the current year portion of a date in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the given year portion of a date in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the year portion of a date in the utc , timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["if the identified workflow execution was in progress , it is terminated immediately .", "if the workflow execution was in progress , it is terminated immediately .", "if the identified workflow was in progress , it is terminated immediately .", "if the identified execution was in progress , it is terminated immediately .", "for more information , see important : if the identified workflow execution was in progress , it is terminated immediately ."]
["creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "creates query that searches for query contacts which match a specific query string .", "creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "query query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "returns query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string ."]
["creates a randomized list of urls .", "returns a randomized list of urls for the given shard .", "creates a randomized list urls for .", "creates a list of urls for the given shard .", "starts a randomized list of urls for the given shard ."]
["adds a new fragment options instance to the builder .", "adds a new options instance to the builder .", "adds a new fragment options instance to the builder .", "adds a new fragment options instance to the fragment .", "adds a new options options instance to the builder ."]
["do not change the order of the expressions because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do change the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not column the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not change the order of the expressions column because broker relies on that to process the query .", "do not change the order of the column returned because broker relies on that to process the query ."]
["returns the size of the segment in bytes .", "returns the total size of the writer in bytes .", "returns the total size of the segment .", "returns the writer size of the segment in bytes .", "returns the total writer of the segment in bytes ."]
["0 is the corners height when there is no rectangle .", "corners is the max height when there is no rectangle .", "0 is the height when there is no rectangle .", "0 is the max corners when there is no rectangle .", "0 is the max height ."]
["returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific phone with sub phone id .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific phone with sub phone sub .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific sub with id sub id .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific phone phone id .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific phone ."]
["returns the types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java types to the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns the argument types of the given method descriptor .", "returns to the argument types of the given method descriptor ."]
["gets the current user profile .", "get the user profile .", "get the current user profile .", "get the current user profile .", "get the current user ."]
["epoll server socket channel .", "server socket channel .", "channel server socket channel .", "socket channel .", "server server socket channel ."]
["also @ see completable futures # accumulate ( iterable x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error", "also @ see completable futures # accumulate ( x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error", "also @ see completable futures # accumulate ( iterable x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error", "also @ see iterable futures # accumulate ( collection x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error", "also @ see completable futures # accumulate ( i x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error"]
["check and append the synonyms words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words", "check and word the synonyms words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words", "check and append the word words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words", "check and word features the synonyms words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words", "check and append the synonyms words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words"]
["this option won ' t be visible is ` - - entity format expression ` has been specified .", "this option ' t be visible is ` - - entity format expression ` has been specified .", "this option won ' t be visible is ` - - already format expression ` has been specified .", "this option already ' t be visible is ` - - entity format expression ` has been specified .", "this option won be visible is ` - - entity ` has been specified ."]
["start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier class - based service binding ."]
["merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this frame with the given locals ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret locals ) .", "merges this locals with the given locals ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this locals with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified fx name ."]
["set the mongo client settings to be used when creating mongo client .", "set the settings settings options to be used when creating mongo client .", "set the settings client options to be used when creating mongo client .", "set the mongo settings options to be used when creating mongo client .", "set client options to be used when creating mongo client ."]
["gets the value of the ' value type ' field", "gets the value of the type field", "gets the value of the ' server type ' field", "gets the value of the ' appenders type ' field", "gets the value of the ' kaa type ' field"]
["validation of page : - detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error", "- detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error", "detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error", "validation of page : - detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects client id error", "validation of page : - detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error ."]
["returns whether the given http response status code is a redirect code 301 , , 303 , 307 .", "returns whether the given http response status code is a redirect code 301 , 303 , 307 .", "returns whether the given http status code is a redirect code 301 , 302 , 303 , 307 .", "returns whether the given http response status code is a redirect code , 302 , 303 , 307 .", "returns whether the given http status code is a redirect code 301 302 , 303 , 307 ."]
["returns a resource wrapper created from an object .", "returns a resource from an object .", "returns a resource created .", "returns a jsp resource created from an object .", "returns a resource created from an object ."]
["utterance which contains the reference to the updated utterance .", "data object which contains the reference to the updated utterance .", "which contains the reference to the updated utterance .", "utterance object which contains the reference to the updated utterance .", "contains the reference to the updated utterance ."]
["redshift returns all clusters that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "all clusters that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys values ."]
["users should remove graphs via the remove store operation .", "users should remove store via the remove graph operation .", "users should remove graphs via the store graph operation .", "users should store graphs via the store graph operation .", "users should graphs via the graph operation ."]
["add a event log entry , but don ' t log .", "add a event entry item , but don ' t log .", "add a item , but don ' t log .", "add a event log events , but don ' t log .", "add a event log , but don ' t log ."]
["save a header from the given http operation into the alist .", "save a crawl from the given http operation into the alist .", "save a header from the given crawl operation into the alist .", "save a header .", "save the given http operation into the alist ."]
["the option is a :", "the option is the :", "the configurer is a :", "the option is :", "the cxf is a :"]
["returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns a transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method ."]
["the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # at top of method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert at top of ( string , string ) ."]
["test if same updates order on all owners after txs are finished .", "test if same order on all owners after txs are finished .", "test if same test order on all owners after txs are finished .", "test if same updates order on all owners after txs are finished .", "test if same updates order on the owners after txs are finished ."]
["this is useful for matching through nested routes where the path is matched incrementally at each level .", "this is useful for matching through nested routes where the path is matched incrementally at each level .", "this is useful for matching through nested routes where the path is matched incrementally at each path .", "this is useful for matching through nested routes where the start is matched incrementally at each level .", "this is useful for matching through nested routes where the remaining is matched incrementally at each level ."]
["adds a provider wrapper listener to the listener list .", "adds a wrapper listener to the listener list .", "adds a room provider wrapper listener to the listener list .", "adds a provider wrapper listener to the listener list", "adds provider wrapper listener to the listener list ."]
["method to show or hide the \" return the call \" layout", "method to show or hide the \" return the call \" layout .", "method to show \" return the", "method to show or hide the \" returns the call \" layout", "method to show or the return the call \""]
["r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz ) .", "r is an rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .", "r is a rotation transformation specified by the translation ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .", "r is the rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) ."]
["invoke builder . module hash ( string name ;", "invoke builder . module hash ( string name , string hash string ) ;", "invoke builder . module hash name , string ;", "module hash ( string name , string hash string ) ;", "invoke builder . module hash ( string name , byte hash string ) ;"]
["returns an collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order ."]
["the organization on ontario bank should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( location _ or _ province ) does not span ontario bank .", "the organization on ontario bank should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario bank .", "the location on ontario bank should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario bank .", "the organization on ontario bank should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ location ) does not span ontario bank .", "the organization since location should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario bank ."]
["` deprecated ` : number of users ( for rooms only )", "` number of users ( for rooms only )", "deprecated number of users ( for rooms only )", "` : number of users ( for rooms only )", "` 2 ` : number of users ( for rooms only )"]
["quantizes a provided to be consistent with the index encoding", "quantizes a provided decode to be consistent with the index encoding", "quantizes a provided with the index encoding", "quantizes a provided consistent with the index encoding", "quantizes a provided decoded to be consistent with the index encoding"]
["if the delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete configuration etag doesn ' t match anything the delete configuration won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete etag configuration doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the delete configuration doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .", "if the configuration delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 ."]
["implementations of starlark value may define their own behavior of str .", "implementations of value may define their own behavior of str .", "implementations of skylark value may define their own behavior of str .", "implementations starlark skylark value may define their own behavior of str .", "implementations of starlark may define their own behavior of str ."]
["the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each char sequence in the strings .", "unicode value of each character in the strings .", "of each character in the strings .", "the unicode value of each character in the strings ."]
["returns the xml representation of the packet extension .", "returns the xml representation of the", "returns the xml representation of the unittest .", "returns the xml representation of the extension .", "returns the xml representation of the ."]
["track that related posts have loaded and scrolled into view if we haven ' t already tracked it", "track that related posts have loaded into view if we haven ' t already tracked it", "track that related posts have loaded into view if we ' t already tracked it", "related posts have loaded and scrolled into view if we haven ' t already tracked it", "track that related posts have loaded ' t already tracked it"]
["create a context .", "create a compiler .", "create a create .", "create an context .", "context a compiler ."]
["redshift returns all subnet groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "returns all subnet groups that match any combination of the specified keys values .", "that match any combination of the specified keys and values .", "groups that match any combination of the specified and values ."]
["builds a collection layer bean from the open search access # layer property of a", "builds a collection layer bean from the # layer property of a", "builds a collection layer bean from the list # layer property of a", "builds a collection layer bean from the layers # layer property of a", "builds a layers layer bean from the open search access # layer property of a"]
["sets the pllgain state for this costas loop .", "sets the tracking pllgain for this costas loop .", "sets the pllgain for this costas loop .", "sets the state for this costas loop .", "sets the pllgain pllgain state for this costas loop ."]
["reset all labels in the instruction list .", "reset all labels in the labels list .", "reset all current labels in the instruction list .", "reset all labels in the instruction labels .", "reset all labels in the instruction list of the element ."]
["test if the value ad is right of ab .", "test if the double ad is right of ab .", "test if the ad is right of ab .", "test if the ] ad is right of ab .", "test if the vector ad is right of value ."]
["called if this element get updated on the side .", "called if this element get updated on the dist side .", "called if this element get updated on the client side .", "called if this element get updated on the client dist .", "called if this element get updated ."]
["returns the execution info from the tags declared on the target .", "returns the info from the tags declared on the target .", "returns the map info from the tags declared on the target .", "returns the execution map from the tags declared on the target .", "returns the info info from the tags declared on the target ."]
["compute the theoretical starting abscissa for each key - sig item .", "compute the starting abscissa for each key - sig item .", "compute the theoretical starting abscissa for the key - sig item .", "compute the theoretical starting abscissa for each start - sig item .", "compute the valid starting abscissa for each key - sig item ."]
["test the behavior get object for inet columns .", "test the behavior get object .", "test the behavior object for inet columns .", "test the behavior get object for inet .", "test the behavior returns object for inet columns ."]
["create a mongo database outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the provided mongo database factory and mongo converter .", "create a db outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the provided mongo database db factory and mongo converter .", "create a mongo db outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the mongo database db factory and mongo converter .", "create a mongo database outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the provided mongo database factory and mongo converter .", "create a mongo db outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the provided database db factory and mongo converter ."]
["returns the connection http context .", "returns the httpconnection http context .", "returns the connection context .", "returns the servlet http connection .", "returns the httpconnection context ."]
["getter for # allow only requested header", "getter for # only requested header", "getter for # expose requested header", "getter for # expose only requested", "getter for # expose only requested header"]
["checks whether the extension of the file name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of the name name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of the file is one of those specified .", "checks whether the extension of file name is one of those specified .", "checks whether the file name of the filename is one of those specified ."]
["get allowed encashment ? .", "get allowed cashment ? .", "get allowed en cashment ? .", "get allowed encashment ? .", "get en encashment ? ."]
["for more information on compute", "more information on", "for more information on", "for more information on deleting", "for more information on create"]
["gets the processing group this saga is assigned to , if it is explicitly set .", "returns the processing group this saga is assigned to , if it is explicitly set .", "gets the type this saga is assigned to , if it is explicitly set .", "gets the processing group this saga is assigned to .", "gets the processing type this saga is assigned to , if it is explicitly set ."]
["if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if called returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # called ( ) .", "if iter returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .", "if basic returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) ."]
["reverts method # unpad leading zero ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad leading ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # unpad leading zero complement ( byte [ ] ) .", "reverts method # zero leading zero ( byte [ ] ) ."]
["copy the android manifest . xml from source manifest file to android manifest file", "copy the android manifest . xml from android manifest file to android manifest file", "copy the destination manifest . xml from source manifest file to android manifest file", "copy the android manifest . xml from source manifest file to android manifest file", "copy the android manifest . xml from destination manifest file to android manifest file"]
["generate a hashcode by hashing all of the properties .", "returns a hashcode by hashing all of the properties .", "generate a hashcode all of the properties .", "generate a hashcode the properties .", "generate a hashcode by hash all of the properties ."]
["menge in preiseinheit . .", "menge eff . .", "menge in preiseinheit eff . .", "menge preiseinheit eff . .", "menge . ."]
["loads the update center data .", "loads the update center data , if any and if modified since last read .", "loads the center data , if any and if modified since last read .", "loads the update center data since last read .", "loads the update center data any and if ."]
["escapes character data in val", "escapes character data in val .", "escapes character data", "escapes character data in writer", "escapes data in val"]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the week of the year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the specified week of the specified year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 the specified the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the given week of the given year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 the given the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the week of the year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 in the factory in the given timezone timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the factory week of the factory year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 the factory the factory timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["create a new builder using the default version of graph son .", "create a new builder using the default version of son .", "create a new builder using the default version of graph v3 .", "create a new builder using the default version of graph .", "create a new builder using the default version of v3 son ."]
["iterate of a copy of the table .", "iterate of a copy .", "iterate of the copy of the table .", "iterate of a copy of a table .", "iterate of copy of the table ."]
["returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where repository id = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where r id = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where parent folder = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where parent id = ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where p id = ?"]
["register the dao .", "register class the dao with the cache .", "register the dao with the dao class .", "register the dao with the class .", "register the class dao with the cache ."]
["removes all values bound to this thread context , which includes any subject , session , or inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code .", "removes all values bound to this context which includes any subject , session , or inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code .", "removes all values bound to this thread context , which includes any session , or inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code .", "removes all values bound to this which includes any subject , session , or inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code .", "removes all values bound to this context which includes any subject , session , inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code ."]
["this method will just return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "this method will just return the property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .", "return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal ."]
["it is not recommended to expand large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand filter trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand large trees this way since that might filter huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to filter large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .", "it is not recommended to expand large filter this way since that might cause huge interface lags ."]
["set data .", "set eingabegruppe sub .", "set eingabegruppe .", "set set sub .", "set sub eingabegruppe ."]
["get the \" original \" original name .", "get the \" original \" wiki name .", "get the \" original \" database name .", "get the \" original \" id name .", "get the \" original \" deprecated name ."]
["returns xpath query corresponding to tree walker audit event object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object .", "returns query corresponding to tree walker audit event object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object .", "returns xpath query to tree walker audit event object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object .", "returns xpath query corresponding to walker audit event object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object .", "returns xpath query object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object ."]
["sets the certificate that will sign this certificate .", "set the signed that will sign this certificate .", "set the certificate that will sign this certificate .", "set that will sign this certificate .", "the certificate that will sign this certificate ."]
["creates a new atomic navigable map builder .", "creates a new atomic tree map builder .", "creates a new atomic map builder .", "creates a new atomic navigable map builder .", "creates a new atomic tree map builder ."]
["note : this method can only be called once per reader .", "reader : this method can only be called once per index .", "this method can only be called once per index .", "note : this method can only be reader once per index .", "note : this method can only be called once reader index ."]
["returns a string containing containing only elements found in first and also in second .", "returns containing only elements found in first and also in second .", "returns a containing only elements found in first and also in second .", "returns a comparator containing containing only elements found in first and also in second .", "returns ."]
["this method should be called on completion of an operation ( after query all cascades are completed ) that saves an entity .", "this method should be called on completion of an operation are completed that saves an entity .", "this method should be called on completion of an operation that saves an entity .", "this method should be called on completion of an operation ( after all cascades are completed ) that saves an entity .", "this method should be called on completion of an operation ( after query cascades are completed ) that saves an entity ."]
["completely removes the wire associated with the given id .", "completely removes the draw associated with the given id .", "completely removes the wire wire associated with the given id .", "completely removes the this associated with the given id .", "completely removes the connection associated with the given id ."]
["no _ cores : the empty string is also a valid keyword , and maps to the anonymous state .", "cores : the empty string is also a valid keyword , and maps to the anonymous state .", "no _ cores : the empty string is also a cross keyword , and maps to the anonymous state .", "no _ cores : the empty cross is also a valid keyword , and maps to the anonymous state .", ": the empty string is also a valid keyword , and maps to the anonymous state ."]
["subscribes to changes of required table .", "subscribes to changes of table .", "subscribes to changes of table table .", "subscribes to changes of observe table .", "subscribes to changes table ."]
["currently supported views are listed in web uri . _ view .", "currently supported views are listed in uri constants . _ view .", "currently supported views are listed in complex . _ view .", "currently supported views are listed in web _ view .", "currently supported views are listed in web constants . _ view ."]
["gets the time - zone id , such as ' europe / paris ' .", "gets the time - zone , such as ' europe / paris ' .", "gets the zone , such as ' europe / paris ' .", "gets the id - zone , such as ' europe / paris ' .", "gets the time - id zone , such as ' europe / paris ' ."]
["creates an audit entry when a api definition is updated .", "creates an audit entry when a service api is updated .", "creates an audit entry when a service definition is api .", "creates an audit entry when an api definition is updated .", "creates an api entry when a service definition is updated ."]
["find native linkable group nodes transitively reachable from the given roots .", "find native nodes group nodes transitively reachable from the given roots .", "find native linkable linkable group transitively reachable from the given roots .", "find native linkable nodes group transitively reachable from the given roots .", "find native linkable group transitively reachable from the given roots ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get all non - null values with the given ids for default column", "get all non - null values with the given map for default column", "get all non - null map with the given ids for default column", "get all values with the given ids for default column", "get all non - map values with the given ids for default column"]
["tests the security utils # get owner from grpc client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get owner from client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get owner from grpc client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get owner from thrift client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get owner from io client ( ) ( ) method ."]
["convert unserializable exceptions into generic serializable ones .", "convert unserializable ( usually from dev mode ) into generic serializable ones .", "convert unserializable exceptions ) into generic serializable .", "unserializable exceptions ( usually from dev mode ) into generic serializable ones .", "ensure unserializable exceptions ( usually from dev mode ) into generic serializable ones ."]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["the default value of this attribute is 40 .", "the value of this attribute is 40 .", "the default value of this attribute is .", "the default value of this attribute is synopsis .", "this attribute is 40 ."]
["converts a bucket auto options to a document for use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket auto options to a document by the java driver .", "converts a bucket auto options to an document for use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket auto options to a document use by the java driver .", "converts a bucket auto options to a document for use by the java driver ."]
["sets the grid projection factory locator used to create an instances of grid projections .", "sets the grid projection projection locator used to create an instances of grid projections .", "sets the grid factory locator factory used to create an instances of grid projections .", "sets the grid projection locator factory used to create an instances of grid projections .", "sets the grid projection locator used to create an instances of grid projections ."]
["sets the input format of this processor .", "sets the input format of this processor", "sets the input format of this processor , returning whether the input format has changed .", "sets the input format of this processor whether .", "sets format of this processor , returning whether input format has changed ."]
["cron expression to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups .", "expression to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups .", "ttlmonitor expression to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups .", "cron ttlmonitor to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups .", "period expression to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups ."]
["returns the set of compilation unit source type names for all contained super source compilation units .", "returns the set of compilation unit unit source names for all contained super source compilation units .", "returns the set of compilation type source type names for all contained super source compilation units .", "returns the set of compilation unit type source names for all contained super source compilation units .", "returns the set of compilation unit type names for all contained super unit source compilation units ."]
["creates an instance from an input stream .", "creates an input stream .", "returns an instance from an input stream .", "creates a from an input stream .", "creates a an input stream ."]
["does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data flux in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # flux ( data buffer ) flux the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data sink in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # sink ( data buffer ) sink the data buffers in the source ."]
["for each the offsets for each sequence in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the array that is greater than or equal to the super offset .", "for each the offsets for each sequence in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the sequence that is greater than or equal to the super offset .", "for each the offsets for each sequence in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the array that is greater than or equal to the super offset .", "for each the offsets for each array in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the array that is greater than or equal to the super offset .", "for each the offsets for the sequence in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the array that is greater than or equal to the super offset ."]
["returns default cache implementation variant .", "returns default temp file prefix variant .", "returns default temp file prefix .", "returns default temp file variant .", "returns default temp file ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["get eingabegruppe .", "get eingabegruppe entry .", "get eingabegruppe value .", "get ii .", "get fixed ."]
["block volumes that should be attached to the instance at boot time .", "block volumes that should be attached to the mappings at boot time .", "block mappings that should be attached to the instance at boot time .", "block volumes that should be attached to the instance at mappings time .", "mappings volumes that should be attached to the instance at boot time ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond quaterniondc ) ."]
["each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet ack , that means receiver have got block .", "each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # ack that means receiver have got block ."]
["converts from cpu profiler config to cpu profiler profiler configuration", "converts from config to profiler . cpu profiler configuration", "converts profiler config to cpu profiler cpu profiler configuration", "converts from cpu profiler config profiler cpu profiler configuration", "converts from cpu profiler config to cpu profiler configuration"]
["note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for composite type + tests for this file .", "note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for composite optional + tests for this file .", "note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for composite types + tests for this file .", "note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for composite java + tests for this file .", "note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for type types + tests for this file ."]
["expands all tree nodes accepted filter in .", "expands all tree nodes by filter in a single call .", "expands all tree nodes accepted by filter .", "expands all tree nodes accepted by filter in a single call .", "expands all tree nodes accepted ."]
["generate list of dependencies of module .", "generate list of dependencies of module .", "generate list of dependencies of .", "generate list of module of package .", "generate list of dependencies of"]
["gets the value of the target property .", "gets the value of the target .", "gets the value of the string property .", "gets the of the pub target property .", "gets the of the pub target ."]
["returns a copy of this time with the specified field altered .", "returns a copy of this time with the specified altered .", "returns a temporal of this time with the specified field altered .", "returns a copy of this time with the specified temporal altered .", "returns a copy of this time with the specified offset altered ."]
["gets the model service instance that corresponds to the given name", "gets the model service instance that corresponds to the given service", "gets the model service instance", "gets the model service instance that corresponds to the given name .", "gets the model service that corresponds to the given name"]
["this method always return true when invoked on an unnamed module .", "this method return true when invoked on an unnamed module .", "this method always return true when invoked on a module .", "this method always return true when invoked on a .", "this method always returns true when invoked on an unnamed module ."]
["stub of plugin # after declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # did after setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override", "stub of plugin # after declare ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override"]
["this method is intended to be called at most once for soy doc params and at most once for header params .", "this method is intended to be called at most once for doc params and at most once for header params .", "this method is intended to be called at most once for soy doc params .", "this method is intended to be called at most once for soy doc params .", "this method is intended to be called at most once for at most once for header params ."]
["record event for a container or test that completed with the provided test execution result .", "record an event for a container or test that completed with the provided test result .", "record an execution event for a container or test that completed with the provided test execution result .", "record execution event for a container or test that completed with the provided test execution result .", "record a container or test that completed with the provided test execution result ."]
["retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata entity id .", "retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the metadata ."]
["write the field value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators .", "saves the field value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators .", "saves the write value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators .", "saves the value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators .", "returns the field value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators ."]
["creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing service decorator .", "creates a tracing service decorator using the specified tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing http decorator using the specified tracing instance .", "creates a new http tracing service decorator using the specified tracing instance ."]
["resets value of m jvm monitor thread .", "resets value thread and m thread started .", "resets value and m thread started .", "resets value of monitor thread and m thread started .", "resets value of jvm monitor thread and thread started ."]
["determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available or not .", "determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available .", "determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available", "determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available or not .", "determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available ."]
["creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a new block blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "creates a blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob ."]
["this most commonly would occur when an encryption key is updated and old principals are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \\", "this most commonly would occur when an encryption key is updated and old debug are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \\", "this most commonly would occur when an encryption debug is updated and old principals are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \\", "this most commonly would occur when an debug key is updated and old principals are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \\", "this most commonly would occur when an principal key is updated and old principals are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \\"]
["returns an action object that matches the parameters given .", "returns a object that matches the parameters given .", "returns an action that matches the parameters given .", "returns a action object that matches the parameters given .", "returns a ui object that matches the parameters given ."]
["the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create a domain class for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those domain class types .", "the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create a domain dto class for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those domain class types .", "the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create a dto class for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those dto class types .", "the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create a domain class dto for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those domain class types .", "the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create class for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those domain class types ."]
["the media timestamp represents how the media time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate .", "the timestamp timestamp2 represents how the timestamp time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate .", "the media timestamp represents how the media time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate .", "the media represents how the media time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate .", "the timestamp timestamp2 represents how the timestamp time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate ."]
["if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use center api .", "if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use center", "if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use availability api .", "if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use amazon kinesis .", "if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use amazon 53 ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . cancel # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . cancel issuer # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . operation issuer # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . cancel certificate # string - string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . cancel certificate operation # string - string"]
["returns the builder for the settings used for calls to get .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to get evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation audio .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to evaluation evaluation ."]
["returns the host associated with the current subject .", "returns the host host associated with the current subject .", "returns the remote associated with the current subject .", "returns the request associated with the current subject .", "returns the remote host associated with the current subject ."]
["otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed module ) and a new module reference is returned .", "module the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned ."]
["then it helps to define aware uri is loaded into", "then it helps to define image uri is loaded into", "then it helps to define image aware is loaded into", "then it helps to define uri is loaded into", "then it helps to define %UNK% uri is loaded into"]
["this operation changes the position of the key in the map to the most recently used position ( first ) .", "the position of the key in the map to the most recently used position ( first ) .", "this operation changes the position of the key in the key to the most recently used position ( first ) .", "this operation changes the position of the key to the most recently used position ( first ) .", "this operation changes the position of the current key in the map to the most recently used position ( first ) ."]
["passes the specified event to all registered configuration listeners .", "passes the specified event to all registered configuration configuration .", "passes the specified event to all registered listeners .", "passes the specified event to all registered configuration .", "passes the specified event to all registered configuration event ."]
[": consumer", "consumer", "group : rdd", "rdd : consumer", "group :"]
["when add / rm element", "when add / rm / mv element .", "when add / mv element", "when add / %UNK% / mv element", "when adds / rm / mv element"]
["when this is set :", ", in turn it sets the following :", "when this is set", "when this is set , turn it sets the following :", "when this is set turn it sets the following :"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the partition storage config .", "returns the partition storage .", "returns the partition storage config .", "returns the partition storage storage .", "returns the partition storage config ."]
["obtains an instance of local date time from an offset date time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an local date time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an offset local time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an offset offset time .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from an date time ."]
["decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes array where byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each byte represents a ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii"]
["this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the titan configuration .", "this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the janus configuration .", "this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the graph configuration .", "this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the configuration .", "this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the titan ."]
["queries the coordination service to collect the multi - user case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes .", "queries the coordination service to collect the case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes .", "node the coordination service to collect the multi - user case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes .", "queries the node service to collect the multi - user case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes .", "queries the coordination node to collect the multi - user case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes ."]
["creates a new instance of inconsistent property from grpc representation .", "creates a new instance of inconsistent property from proto representation .", "creates a new instance of inconsistent property from thrift representation .", "creates a new instance of inconsistent property representation .", "creates a new instance of inconsistent property ."]
["removes null elements ) the list and return it .", "removes elements ) the list and return it .", "removes null elements ) the list .", "removes null elements ) a list and return it .", "removes null elements ) the list it ."]
["runs the runnable task in the request context initialized from the request context . instance scope instance .", "runs the request task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .", "runs the runnable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . request scope request .", "runs the task in the request request context initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .", "runs the runnable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance ."]
["returns the feed with the primary key or throws a no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "returns the feed with the primary key or throws a no such feed exception if it could not be found", "returns the feed with the primary key or throws a twitter no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "returns the feed with the primary key liferay . twitter . no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "returns the feed with the primary key or throws no such feed exception if it could not be found ."]
["it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .", "it should be encoded in uri - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii .", "it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but subdirectories is supported too ."]
["returns a progress notification for the given download states .", "returns a progress notification .", "returns an progress notification for the given download states .", "returns a progress notification for the given list states .", "returns a progress notification for a given download states ."]
["the code of this method is a copy of # output attributes ( element ,", "the code of this method is a copy of # attributes ( element ,", "the code of this method is a copy of # handle ( element ,", "the code of this method is a copy of # handle attributes ,", "the code of this method is a copy of # map attributes ( element ,"]
["returns all attributes of the specified session .", "returns all attributes of the given session .", "returns the attributes of the specified session .", "returns all names of the specified session .", "returns all attributes of the specified names ."]
["returns the url uri of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification .", "returns the url of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification .", "returns the uri of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification .", "returns the absolute url of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification .", "returns the absolute uri of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification ."]
["returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` transitive public `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `"]
["starts the _ _ _ protobuf _ metadata cache .", "starts the _ _ _ protobuf cache when needed .", "starts the _ _ _ metadata cache when needed .", "starts _ _ protobuf _ metadata cache when needed .", "starts _ _ protobuf _ metadata cache when needed ."]
["examines the given verb pair and returns true if it is a valid pairing of verb form and clitic pronoun ( s ) .", "examines the given verb and returns true if it is a valid pairing of verb form and clitic pronoun ( s ) .", "examines the given verb normalize and returns true if it is a valid pairing of verb form and clitic pronoun ( s ) .", "examines the given verb pair of verb form and clitic pronoun ( s ) .", "examines the given verb pair of verb form clitic pronoun ( s ) ."]
["gets the maximum number of application outgoing processed application data messages .", "gets the maximum number of deferred processed application outgoing data messages .", "gets the maximum number of deferred application outgoing application data messages .", "gets the maximum number of processed outgoing processed application data messages .", "gets the maximum number of deferred processed processed outgoing data messages ."]
["set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniond .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given object .", "set this quaterniondc to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniond ."]
["create a instance manager .", "a service instance manager .", "create an instance manager .", "create a instance .", "create an instance ."]
["encodes the document length the same way as .", "encodes the document length .", "encodes the document length in the same way .", "encodes the field length in the same way as tfidfsimilarity .", "encodes the document length as tfidfsimilarity ."]
["register lifecycle application listener as a spring bean", "register dubbo listener as a spring bean", "register dubbo application listener as a spring bean", "register dubbo application listener as a spring bean", "register dubbo application listener as a spring bean"]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given object to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sets the http service and returns the virtual host builder that this virtual host service binding builder was created from .", "sets the service and sets the http virtual host builder that this virtual host service binding builder was created from .", "service and returns the sets the http host builder that this virtual host service binding builder was created from .", "sets the http and returns the virtual host builder that this virtual host service binding builder was created from .", "service binding was created from ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["adds the specified object to the list of registered configuration listeners .", "adds the specified object to the list of registered configuration .", "adds the specified object to the list of registered configuration configuration .", "adds the specified object to the list of registered listeners .", "adds the specified object to the list of configuration listeners ."]
["note : not used for the update variant with generated key handling .", "not used for the update variant with generated key handling .", "note : not used for the update variant with generated handling .", "note : not used for the update variant with key handling .", "note : not used for the update variant with generated statement handling ."]
["adjust voice id per family , in line with their order .", "adjust voice family per staff , in line with their order .", "adjust voice id , in line with their order .", "adjust voice id per staff .", "adjust family id per staff , in line with their order ."]
["geodetic distance queries on r - trees for indexing geographic data", "geodetic distance queries on r - trees for geographic data", "geodetic distance queries on r - trees for indexing data", "geodetic distance queries on r - trees for indexing geographic data .", "geodetic distance queries on %UNK% - trees for indexing geographic data"]
["test that raw contact delta # build diff ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases .", "test that raw contact delta # build diff wrapper ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases .", "test that raw contact delta # build diff content provider operation ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases .", "test that raw contact delta # build content provider operation wrapper ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases .", "test that raw contact delta # build wrapper ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases ."]
["returns the sum of all operand sizes .", "returns the collection of all operand stack sizes .", "returns the sum of all operand collection sizes .", "returns the of all operand stack sizes .", "returns the sum of all collection stack sizes ."]
["set the time .", "add the time .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the time ."]
["sets the timeline on this fake player timeline .", "sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline .", "sets the timeline on this fake player .", "sets the timeline , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline .", "sets the timeline on this fake player with the changed timeline ."]
["produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed semantic graph .", "produces a semantic graph with no extras .", "starts a collapsed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["returns an immutable map containing six mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing six mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing six mappings .", "returns a map containing six mappings .", "returns an map containing six mappings ."]
["places elements into order by increasing normalized # get score ( ) .", "places elements into order by increasing normalized # get - score ( ) .", "places elements into order by increasing normalized # score ( ) .", "places elements into order by increasing # get score ( ) .", "places elements into order by increasing normalized # returns score ( ) ."]
["runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving %UNK% millis milliseconds between the invocations .", "runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving iteration millis milliseconds between the invocations ."]
["exchange adapter on the 2nd cycle .", "exchange adapter .", "adapter on the 2nd cycle .", "engine adapter on the 2nd cycle .", "test adapter on the 2nd cycle ."]
["test of variance method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of variance method , of class weibull distribution .", "test variance var method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of var method , of class weibull distribution .", "test of method , variance class weibull distribution ."]
["returns a map where keys are masked if they are considered a password .", "returns a map where keys are masked if they are considered a map .", "returns a map where map are masked if they are considered a password .", "returns a map where keys are masked if they are map a password .", "returns a map where keys are masked if they are considered a mask ."]
["get the mongo database factory that this instance manages transactions for .", "get the mongo factory that this instance manages transactions for .", "get the mongo db factory that this instance manages transactions for .", "get the mongo db factory that this instance manages transactions for .", "get the mongo database factory that this instance manages transactions for ."]
["decodes a string where each char of the string represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "returns a string where each char of the string represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a string where each char of the string represents ascii ' 0 ' or ' a ' .", "decodes a string where each byte of the string represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .", "decodes a string where the char of the string represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' ."]
["returns the id of a given t from the pool", "returns the id of a given object from the pool", "returns the t of a given object from the pool", "returns the id of a given t object from the pool", "returns the id of a t from the pool"]
["after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , so if job do not obey interruptions , they can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout .", "after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , if job do not obey interruptions , they can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout .", "after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , so if job do not obey interruptions , can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout .", "after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , so if job do not obey interruptions , observers can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout .", "after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , so if job do not obey interruptions can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout ."]
["chosen bits are [ 10 , 6 , 13 ]", "chosen bits are [ 10 , 13 , 5 ]", "chosen bits are [ 13 , 6 , 5 ]", "chosen bits are 13 10 , 6 , 5 ]", "chosen bits are [ 10 , 6 , ] ]"]
["resolve the repository referenced by the given intent", "resolve the repo referenced by the given intent", "repository the repo referenced by the given intent", "resolve the repo repository by the given intent", "resolve the repo referenced by the given repository"]
["the on error resume source next method changes this behavior .", "the on error error source next method changes this behavior .", "the on resume source resume next method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume resume source method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume error source method changes this behavior ."]
["deletes all documents from the solr client .", "deletes all documents from the solr client .", "deletes all documents from the client server .", "deletes all documents from the solr .", "deletes all documents from the client ."]
["gets the list value of all patterns for the banner .", "gets the pattern list value of all patterns for the banner .", "gets the list value . mutable of all patterns for the banner .", "gets the mutable list value of all patterns for the banner .", "pattern list value of all patterns for the banner ."]
["request type and options defaults to null .", "request type and options defaults .", "request type defaults to null .", "request type and options defaults to .", "type and options defaults to null ."]
["undoes the previous command associated with the given display .", "undoes the previous display associated with the given object .", "undoes the previous command associated .", "undoes the display command associated with the given object .", "display the previous command associated with the given object ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options ) .", "this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , optional , optional ) ."]
["get the gateway discord client that emitted this event .", "get the discord gateway that emitted this event .", "get the gateway client that emitted this event .", "get the discord client that emitted this event .", "get the gateway discord gateway that emitted this event ."]
["default binding validation status handler functional method implementation .", "default validation status handler functional method implementation .", "default status handler functional method implementation .", "default binding <INSERT_END> status handler functional method implementation .", "default binding status handler functional method implementation ."]
["return the properties map", "return the attributes map", "return the map", "return the properties", "return the properties . map"]
["scenario successful connection to the back end api via basic auth .", "scenario successful api to the back end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the api end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the back api service via basic auth .", "api successful connection to the back end service via basic auth ."]
["label node if necessary .", "label node if label .", "label node if node .", "label node .", "node if necessary ."]
["returns if the configuration need has specified an external network to use .", "returns if the configuration need has specified an create external network to use .", "returns if the configuration need has specified an external to use .", "returns if the configuration need has specified an create external to use .", "returns if the configuration need has specified an external create network to use ."]
["returns the last asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the gt asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the first gt asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?", "returns the first asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?"]
["assembles all the fragments into one buffer .", "assembles all the fragments .", "assembles all the message into one buffer .", "assembles all the fragments into one message .", "assembles the the fragments into one buffer ."]
["returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource .", "returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata ."]
["set the number of digits in the fractional part of a price .", "set the number of digits in the fractional part of a default price .", "set the number of default in the fractional part of a price .", "set digits in the fractional part of a price .", "sets the number of digits in the fractional part of a price ."]
["az option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional", "option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional", "multi - az option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional availability .", "multi - az option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional update", "multi - az option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional gateway"]
["by default , 10 value .", "10 seconds .", ", 10 .", "by default seconds .", "by default ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of records as defined by records .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records defined by .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined records .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of records as defined by expected records ."]
["getter for beta", "getter for beta marker", "getter for marker", "getter for marker beta", "getter for beta ."]
["provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided program should be a proper checksig program .", "provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided redeem script should be a proper checksig redeem script .", "provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided program should be a proper checksig redeem .", "provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided redeem script should be a proper checksig program .", "provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided program should be a proper checksig redeem script ."]
["returns the last saved gallery for the given gallery key .", "returns the last saved gallery for the given gallery key id .", "returns the last saved gallery for the given key id .", "returns the saved gallery for the given gallery key .", "returns the last saved gallery for the given key ."]
["returns an immutable set containing five elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing five elements .", "returns an set containing five elements .", "returns a set containing five elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing five elements ."]
["if possible the reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the context should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the reference reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the context reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the lookup should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node ."]
["both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .", "both file are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( file ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # equals ( string ) .", "both filenames are first passed to # file ( string ) ."]
["has the replay merge failed and entered into an error state ?", "has the replay merge failed and entered into an errored error ?", "has the replay merge failed and entered into a error state ?", "has the replay merge error and entered into an errored state ?", "has the replay merge failed and entered into a error ?"]
["otherwise if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .", "otherwise if the object is from a o package , returns the result of to string ."]
["setter for leaf .", "setter for string .", "setter for leaf .", "setter .", "setter for ."]
["return a sim scorer for this scorer", "return a sim scorer for this context", "return a sim scorer for the context", "return a sim scorer", "return a scorer scorer for this context"]
["register a batch reader .", "register a batch listener .", "register a batch .", "register a batch listener reader .", "register a record batch ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["retrieves a template given the template name .", "retrieves a template or element given the template or element name .", "retrieves a template or elements given the template or elements name .", "retrieves a template given the or element template name .", "retrieves a template given the template or element name ."]
["checks that no scores are infinite", "checks that no scores", "checks that no scores or freqs are infinite .", "checks that no scores or freqs are", "checks that no scores or freqs are"]
["get the key which stores the number of times the toast associated with the smart toast type has been shown", "get the preference key which stores the number of times the toast associated with the smart toast type has been shown", "get the preference key which stores the number of times the toast associated", "get the preference key which stores the number of times the toast associated with the smart toast has been shown", "get the preference key which stores the number of comments the toast associated with the smart toast type has been shown"]
["does a few instances of short work with schedule = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node .", "does a few instances of schedule work with policy = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node .", "does a few instances of short schedule with policy = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node .", "does a few instances of short work with 1 = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node .", "does a few schedule of short work with policy = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node ."]
["submit a workset for execution .", "submit a w for execution .", "workset a task for execution .", "w a task for execution .", "submit an workset for execution ."]
["system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with \" slow call duration \" .", "system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with \" slow call duration .", "system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with \" slow call duration latency \" .", "system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with \" call call duration \" .", "system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with \" slow call duration threshold \" ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["sets the asset entry set score of this asset entry set .", "sets the asset entry score of this asset entry set .", "sets the asset entry of this asset entry set .", "sets the asset entry set of this asset entry set .", "sets the asset entry total score of this asset entry set ."]
["this date - time will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this date - time will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) format method .", "this date - time will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) # format method .", "this date - time will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format print ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this date - time will be passed to the format date time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method ."]
["currently , sona supports flat , vxlan , gre and vlan modes .", "sona supports flat , vxlan , gre and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports vxlan , gre and vlan modes .", "currently , sona supports flat , vxlan , gre .", "currently sona supports flat , vxlan , gre and ."]
["specifies the path of the button ' s image .", "specifies the background of the button ' s image .", "background the path of the button ' s image .", "specifies the path of the button ' s image .", "specifies the path of the button background image ."]
["appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # label buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # label label .", "appends a declaration of the given label to buf .", "appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf ."]
["is has query assisted encryptor or not .", "is has query assisted column or not .", "is has sharding assisted encryptor or not .", "is has sharding query encryptor or not .", "is has query column encryptor or not ."]
["converts the swagger paths into a list path operations .", "converts the swagger paths into a path operations .", "converts the paths into a list path operations .", "converts the swagger paths into a path path operations .", "converts the path paths into a list path operations ."]
["runs the command .", "runs the execute with the given args .", "returns the command with the given args .", "runs the command with the given args .", "execute the command with the given args ."]
["default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ session _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ session _ supported ."]
["returns true if there is a joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the privilege of modifying instructors .", "returns if there is a joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the privilege of modifying instructors .", "returns instructor if there is a joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the privilege of modifying instructors .", "returns true if there is the joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the privilege of modifying instructors .", "returns true if there is a joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the instructor of modifying instructors ."]
["checks if the path can be rewritten for evaluation .", "checks if the path can be rewritten .", "checks if the path can be for iterative evaluation .", "checks if the path can be rewritten iterative evaluation .", "checks if this path can be rewritten for iterative evaluation ."]
["create a geo circle of the right kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the cutoff kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the planet kind given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the cutoff given the specified bounds .", "create a geo circle of the kind given the specified bounds ."]
["returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method .", "returns a transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .", "returns an transformer to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( transformer ) method ."]
["set a limit of the number of outstanding or to - be acknowledged messages .", "set a limit of the number of outstanding messages .", "set a limit of the number of outstanding .", "set a of the number of outstanding or to - be acknowledged messages .", "set a rate of the number of outstanding or to - be acknowledged messages ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the fully qualified namespace ( fqdn ) of this event hub .", "returns the fully qualified domain namespace ( fqdn ) of this event hub .", "returns the fully qualified domain namespace ( fqdn ) of this event hub .", "returns the fully qualified namespace name ( fqdn ) of this event hub .", "returns the fully qualified name ( fqdn ) of this event hub ."]
["tests for the base file system # list status ( alluxio uri , list status poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions status ( alluxio uri , list status options ) method .", "tests for the base file system status ( alluxio uri , list status options ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # list status ( alluxio uri , list status options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # get status ( alluxio uri , list status options ) method ."]
["timed sleep throws interrupted exception when interrupted", "sleep throws interrupted exception when interrupted", "timed sleep throws interrupted exception", "%UNK% sleep throws interrupted exception when interrupted", "exception when interrupted"]
["the secret is required .", "the key vault secret is required .", "the secret is key .", "the key secret is required .", "the secret is key vault required ."]
["make a new label with this as the value ( word ) .", "saves a new label with this as the value ( word ) .", "make a new label .", "make the new label with this as the value ( word ) .", "make a new label with this as the label ( word ) ."]
["get the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "gets the content of this element .", "get a content of this element .", "get the content ."]
["sets the max age of the cookie in seconds .", "sets the max age of the cookie .", "sets the max age of the cookie in duration .", "returns the max age of the cookie in seconds .", "sets the duration age of the cookie in seconds ."]
["returns the s v n revision with the primary key or throws a no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n revision with the primary key liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n revision with the primary key or throws a socialcoding . no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n revision with the primary key or throws a socialcoding no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found .", "returns the s v n revision with the primary key or throws socialcoding . no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found ."]
["intervals are inclusive of the start instant and exclusive of the end .", "intervals are inclusive of the start instant .", "intervals are inclusive of the start instant .", "intervals are inclusive of the start and exclusive of the end .", "intervals are inclusive of the start interval and exclusive of the end ."]
["makes sure , that for each language a \" rulesets . categories \" file exists .", "makes sure , that for each language a \" rulesets . category \" file exists .", "makes sure , that for each language a \" rulesets . properties \" file exists .", "makes sure , that for each language a \" category . properties \" file exists .", "makes sure , that for each language a \" . properties \" file exists ."]
["find the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "gets the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "get the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "returns the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .", "find the names of any classes find in the methods in this list ."]
["sets the recreate bookmarkable pages after expiry setting", "sets the recreate bookmarkable pages after bookmarkable setting", "sets the recreate pages after expiry setting", "sets the recreate mounted pages after expiry setting", "sets the recreate bookmarkable pages after expiry . setting"]
["returns a channel option for the given option .", "returns a channel option for the given socket option .", "returns a channel option for the given java socket option .", "returns a channel option for the given java . socket option .", "returns a channel option for the given socket java option ."]
["sets the service locator for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances .", "sets the service for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances .", "sets the locator locator for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances .", "sets service locator for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances .", "sets the locator for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances ."]
["this could be used for load balancing of plugins across multiple machines , cpu usage monitoring and other nice stuff .", "this could be used for load balancing of connection across multiple machines , cpu usage monitoring and other nice stuff .", "this could be used for load balancing of plugins across multiple machines , connection usage monitoring and other nice stuff .", "this could be used for load balancing of plugins across multiple machines , cpu connection monitoring and other nice stuff .", "this could be used for load balancing of plugins across multiple machines , usage monitoring and other nice stuff ."]
["generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list todo : implement", "generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list", "generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list todo", "generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list implement", "generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list"]
["return a new data buffer composed of the data buffers elements joined together .", "return a new data buffer composed of the data buffers elements together .", "return a new data buffer composed of the data buffers elements joined together .", "return a new data buffer composed of the data buffers elements data together .", "return a new data buffer composed of a data buffers elements joined together ."]
["the migration can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake .", "the %UNK% can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake .", "the compare can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake .", "the all can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake .", "the features can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the float .", "deletes variable from the configuration ."]
["obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo database factory factory .", "obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo database factory .", "obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo db database factory .", "obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo factory .", "obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo database factory factory ."]
["runs the logic to read from the socket until # is running is false .", "runs the logic to read from the socket until # running is false .", "runs the logic to read from the socket until # _ is running is false .", "runs the logic to read from the socket until # running is false .", "runs the logic to read from the socket until # _ is running is false ."]
["transitive reduction of requires transitive edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires public edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires transitive edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires transitive and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .", "transitive reduction of requires edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires transitive edges ( e . g ."]
["change the status of the application checkbox .", "change the status of the application comment checkbox .", "change the status of the application state checkbox .", "change the status of the state comment checkbox .", "change the status of the application state ."]
["creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket serializable consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .", "creates a behavior that uses the given serializable consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag ."]
["the shortfall level is in decimal , i . e .", "the shortfall level is not in decimal , i . e .", "the shortfall level is in decimal . e .", "the shortfall level is in decimal", "the shortfall result is in decimal , i . e ."]
["gets the addresses resolved by name resolution .", "gets the resolved by name resolution .", "gets the name resolution .", "gets the addresses by name resolution .", "gets the addresses resolved by addresses resolution ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["see method visitor # try catch annotation .", "see method visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "see visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "method visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "see method visitor # unsupported try catch annotation ."]
["test of variance method , of class log normal distribution .", "test of variance method , of class log normal distribution .", "test variance var method , of class log normal distribution .", "test of method , variance class log normal distribution .", "test of var method , of class log normal distribution ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # set properties with response ( long , file http headers ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties with response ( long , file http ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties with response ( long , http headers httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for , http headers client # set properties with response ( long , file httpheaders ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties with response ( long , http headers httpheaders ,"]
["checks if either one of the main .", "checks if either one of the main or temporary files exists .", "checks if either one of the main or temporary files exists .", "checks if either one of the atomic or temporary files currently exists .", "checks if either one of the main or temporary files exists ."]
["this new transition is created using transition builder # create merged ( transition builder , char set ) .", "this new transition is created using transition builder # create merged ( transition builder , char set builder ) .", "this new transition is created using transition builder # create merged ( transition builder , builder ) .", "this new transition is created using char set # create merged ( char set , matcher builder ) .", "this new char set is created using char set builder # create merged char set transition builder , matcher builder ) ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural prefix for more details .", "structural abbreviated for more details ."]
["whether or not token is mutated depends on its type .", "whether or not y is mutated depends on its type .", "whether or not token kind is mutated depends on its type .", "whether or not x is mutated depends on its type .", "whether or not y kind is mutated depends on its type ."]
["scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments from an offset up to a limit .", "scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments from a up to a limit .", "scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments an offset up to .", "scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments from a offset up to a limit .", "scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments an offset up to limit ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # begin copy with response ( string , map , duration , context )", "generates a code sample for using file client # begin copy ( string , map , duration , context )", "generates a code sample for using file client # begin copy response ( string , map , duration , )", "generates a code sample for using file client # poller copy with response ( string , map , duration , context )", "generates a code sample for using poller client # start copy with response ( string , map , duration , context )"]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["| update height to current height .", "| update previous height to .", "| previous height to current height .", "| update previous corners to current corners .", "| update corners height to current height ."]
["use system emergency password files in", "use system emergency password for files in this room", "use is emergency password for files in this room", "use emergency password for files in this room", "use system emergency password in this room"]
["instructor view pages , so put here in super class .", "instructor view pages , so put here in class .", "view pages , so put here in super class .", "instructor view pages , put here in super class .", "instructor view pages in super class ."]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where sync = ?"]
["given that the column value is a number .", "given that the values column value is a number .", "given that the value column value is a number .", "given that the formatting column value is a number .", "given that the should caption column value is a number ."]
["scheduler : combine latest array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : combine combine array does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a samplelar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "liferay . samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["removes all the sync d l objects where modified time id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where m time id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where folder modified time = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where modified id = ?", "removes all the sync d l objects where modified time r id = ?"]
["the request context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . request scope request .", "the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context ."]
["replace actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "map actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "replace actual map found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "replace actual names found in a string .", "replace map names found in a string with meaningless randomized names ."]
["returns a configuration object containing the names of all the modules .", "returns a object containing the names of all the modules .", "returns a json object containing the names of all the modules .", "returns a module object containing the names of all the modules .", "returns a object object containing the names of all the modules ."]
["sets the consistency query .", "sets the request consistency .", "sets the query .", "sets the consistency .", "sets the consistency level query ."]
["returns the partition .", "returns the partition partition .", "returns the partition object .", "returns the partition id .", "returns the partition"]
["if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per availability .", "if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per", "if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per availability gateway .", "if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per", "if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per availability scaling ."]
["returns the the url .", "returns the the uri _ sid .", "returns the the url _ sid .", "returns the the uri .", "returns the the sid ."]
["item level validators are ignored if there is no bound item or if any field level validator fails .", "item level validators are ignored if there is no bound bean or if any field level validator fails .", "level validators are ignored if there is no bound or if any field level validator fails .", "item level validators are ignored if there is no field bean or if any field level validator fails .", "bean level validators are ignored if there is no bound bean or if any field level validator fails ."]
["core mc mmo skills will pull the name from locale with this method", "mc mmo skills will pull the name from locale with this method", "core mc mmo skills will pull the name from locale with the method", "plugin mc mmo skills will pull the name from locale with this method", "core get mmo skills will pull the name from locale with this method"]
["or throws a no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a twitter no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such feed exception if it could not be found", "or throws a twitter . no such feed exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such feed exception if it could not be found"]
["returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "gets the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "returns the string up to .", "returns the string up to but not including the delimiter characters ."]
["sets the client id session id .", "sets the response client id id .", "sets the client session id .", "sets the response client id .", "sets the client id id ."]
["log execution statistics .", "log rule execution statistics .", "log rule statistics .", "log rule execution .", "log irunning execution statistics ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["get the sql for this index column .", "returns the sql snippet for this index column .", "get the sql snippet .", "get the snippet for this index column .", "gets the sql snippet for this index column ."]
["glacier data retrieval policies .", "data retrieval policies .", "retrieval policies .", "the amazon glacier data retrieval policies .", "describes response glacier data retrieval policies ."]
["uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .", "uses the mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .", "uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern best matching pattern .", "uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern .", "uses the best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern ."]
["waits until the 100 . current time millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time millis results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current 100 millis ( ) results has changed .", "waits until the system . current time 100 ( ) results has changed ."]
["return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the security context .", "return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the context policy .", "return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the security .", "return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the security policy .", "return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the context ."]
["returns the the factor type of this challenge .", "returns the factor the type of this challenge .", "returns the the factor of this challenge .", "returns the the type of this factor .", "returns the the type of factor challenge ."]
["returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and ' alt ' - ' tab ' ) .", "returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and - ' tab ' .", "returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and ' ' tab ' ) .", "returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and .", "returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and ' tab ' ) ."]
["waits during timeout until specified element contains the defined expected .", "waits during timeout until specified element contains the defined expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element contains the expected text .", "waits during timeout until specified element contains the defined text .", "waits during timeout element contains the defined expected text ."]
["test of length method , of class poisson .", "test of method , of class poisson .", "test of npara method , of class poisson .", "test of method , length class poisson .", "test length npara method , of class poisson ."]
["gets the next port starting at the lowest port number .", "gets the next available port .", "gets the available port starting at the lowest port number .", "gets the next available port at the lowest port number .", "gets the next available port"]
["makes the format for the level - 1 data .", "returns the format for the level - 1 data .", "makes the format for the level .", "makes the format for the level data .", "makes the format for the class - 1 data ."]
["invalidate authentication token # # # functional description : logout a user .", "authentication token # # # functional description : logout a user", "invalidate authentication # # # functional description : logout a user", "invalidate authentication token # # # functional description", "invalidate authentication # # functional description : logout a user ."]
["create a custom module layer by resolving the given module names .", "create a custom layer by resolving the given module names .", "create a module layer by resolving the given module names .", "create a custom custom module by resolving the given module names .", "create a custom layer by resolving the given module module ."]
["return if the servlet class represented by this component implements the interface .", "returns if the servlet class represented by this component implements the interface .", "return the servlet class represented by .", "return if the servlet class represented .", "return if the servlet class ."]
["returns .", "returns empty .", "returns table .", "returns null .", "returns \" ."]
["returns an immutable set containing eight elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing eight elements .", "returns an set containing eight elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing eight elements .", "returns a set containing eight elements ."]
["used by test job and directly above and for encrypting lookup messages", "used by test job and directly above and for encrypting database lookup messages", "used by test job and directly above and for encrypting database lookup messages .", "used by test job and directly above and for encrypting", "used by test job above and for encrypting database lookup messages"]
["is grant type supported .", "is grand type grant .", "is grand grant supported .", "is grand type .", "is type supported ."]
["tests the block worker # create block remote ( long , long , , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block remote ( long , long , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block remote ( long , long , string , long ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block remote ( , , string , ) method .", "tests the block worker # create block remote ( long , long , ) method ."]
["modified enum is hiding in the 2 and 3 bits of the flags .", "modified enum is hiding in the 2 .", "modified enum is hiding in the 2 and 3 bits of the 24 .", "modified enum is hiding in the 2 bits of the flags .", "modified enum is hiding in the 2 and 3 bits of the modified ."]
["returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the kurtosis excess of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) excess of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( population unbiased ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a point set region of a dataset population"]
["returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the value type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the returns type of the given method descriptor .", "returns the current type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor ."]
["qualifier from the passed dot , if any .", "qualifier from the passed attribute , if any .", "qualifier from the passed attribute .", "qualifier from the dot attribute , if any .", "qualifier from the passed attribute , if any ."]
["created by user info", "created by user info", "created", "created info", "created by info"]
["test that amqpmessage id helper # to has id string ( object ) returns null if given null", "test that amqpmessage id helper # to message has string ( object ) returns null if given null", "test that amqpmessage id helper # to base has id string ( object ) returns null if given null", "test that amqpmessage id helper # to base has string ( object ) returns null if given null", "test that amqpmessage id helper # to has id prefix ( object ) returns null if given null"]
["ensures that the api referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the service referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually api ( is published ) .", "ensures that the service referenced by the contract at the head of the api actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the api by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) ."]
["exits the lazy scope .", "exits the current scope .", "exits the current lazy .", "exits the current lazy scope .", "exit the current lazy scope ."]
["generic getter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic getter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic getter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this class", "generic getter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this configuration .", "generic getter for the virtual metadata configuration property of this configuration for"]
["returns transparent color .", "returns cached transparent color .", "returns transparent transparent color .", "returns cached color .", "returns cached transparent color transparent ."]
["this method is a no when invoked on an unnamed module .", "this method is a no - op when invoked on an service module .", "this method is a no - service when invoked on an unnamed module .", "this method is a no - op when invoked on a service unnamed module .", "this method is a no - op when invoked on a unnamed module ."]
["parse api endpoint properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )", "parse api properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )", "parse endpoint properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )", "api service endpoint properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )", "parse service endpoint properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )"]
["loads a new module from the class path and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the class path and may or may not scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the class path and may or may not immediately scan associated directories or monolithic for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the class path and may or may not immediately scan associated parameters and monolithic for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the class path and may or may not immediately scan associated parameters , depending for resources , depending on parameters ."]
["assertion result will reflect the success of the sample .", "result will reflect the success of the sample .", "assertion result will reflect the success of the assertion .", "assertion result will reflect the success of the result .", "assertion result will reflect the success of the sample ."]
["backs up all buckets for the id to the given node .", "backs up all id for the device to the given node .", "backs up all bucket for the device to the given node .", "backs up all buckets for the bucket to the given node .", "backs up all completable for the device to the given node ."]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["configure a el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .", "configure a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type runtime against .", "configure evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["removes pending object .", "removes delete object .", "removes pending delete .", "removes pending delete local object .", "removes pending removes local object ."]
["if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the karaf distribution configuration file put option option .", "if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the configuration karaf distribution configuration file put option option .", "if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the distribution configuration file put option option .", "if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the configuration distribution configuration file put option option .", "if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the karaf please configuration configuration file put option option ."]
["replace the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs get tagged with it .", "%UNK% the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs get tagged with it .", "replace the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs returns tagged with it .", "replace the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs get tagged with it .", "map the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs get tagged with it ."]
["registers an event handler towards the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called .", "registers an event handler the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called .", "registers a handler towards the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called .", "registers an event handler towards the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called .", "registers handler towards the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called ."]
["if the object is null or , returns # null .", "if the object is null or , returns # null .", "if the object is object or , returns # object .", "if the object is null # .", "if the object is null ."]
["more stable than fast math . log ( 1 - math . exp ( x ) )", "more stable - fast math . log ( 1 - math . exp ( x ) )", "more stable than math . log ( 1 - fast math . exp ( x ) )", "more stable than math . log ( 1 than fast math . exp ( x ) )", "more stable . log ( 1 - math . exp ( x ) )"]
["get the set of driver event codes that are enabled for the logger .", "get the set of event codes that are enabled for the logger .", "get the set of driver codes that are enabled for the logger .", "get the set of codes that are enabled for the logger .", "get the set of event event codes that are enabled for the logger ."]
["indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given id", "indicate to all associated become data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership become for the given partition id", "indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given become id"]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time , repository id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where modified time r id = ? .", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository time id = ? ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["setter for # allowed credentials", "setter for # credentials", "setter for # allow credentials", "setter for # allow allowed", "setter for # allowed"]
["getter for # allowed credentials", "getter for # credentials", "getter for # allow credentials", "getter for # credentials .", "getter for # allowed credentials"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified protection name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", ", the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with observers the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from %UNK% class files left from a previous build of a jar ."]
["if original value is a value timestamp time zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset as original value .", "if original value is timestamp time zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset as original value .", "if original value is the value timestamp time zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset as original value .", "if original value is a value zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset as original value .", "if original value is a value timestamp time zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset ."]
["returns minimal version of available upgrade catalog source", "returns minimal version of available upgrade upgrade source", "returns minimal version of available catalog source catalog", "returns minimal version of available source catalog", "returns minimal version of catalog source upgrade catalog"]
["configuring access for a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer", "access for a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer", "access for a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "for more information , see configuring access for a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "for a domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["testing the clear ( vector ) , clear ( vector ) methods of vmath class .", "testing ( vector ) , clear ( vector ) methods of vmath class .", "testing the clear , clear methods of vmath class .", "the clear ( vector ) , clear ( vector ) methods of vmath class .", "testing the clear ( vector ) clear ( methods of vmath class ."]
["fancy menu of a row : this was dispatched by library pager adapter", "a row : this was dispatched by library pager adapter", "menu of a row : this was dispatched by library pager adapter", "context menu this was dispatched by library pager adapter", "this was dispatched by library pager adapter"]
["get a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .", "get a string from the underlying resource bundle .", "get from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .", "get a string from the underlying resource bundle or returns null if the string is not found .", "returns a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found ."]
["sets body to be displayed next to icon .", "sets text to be displayed next to icon .", "sets to be displayed next to icon .", "sets char to be displayed next to icon .", "sets text to be body next to icon ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["parses basic vector from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses basic vector from the given matrix market string .", "parses basic vector from the given matrix market input .", "parses basic vector from the given matrix market stream .", "parses basic vector from the given input stream market string ."]
["this will return a amount with 2004 time unit # milliseconds .", "this will return a duration with 2004 amount unit # milliseconds .", "this will return a duration with 2004 time unit # amount .", "this will return a duration with 2004 time amount # milliseconds .", "this will return a duration with 2004 unit # milliseconds ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) ."]
["sets the transform .", "sets the layout .", "sets the transformed .", "sets the transform layout .", "add the transformed layout ."]
["sets the vault vault url url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault endpoint vault url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault url endpoint url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault vault url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault vault url to send http requests to ."]
["the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get http servlet mapping ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get http get servlet http mapping ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get servlet http mapping ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get http servlet mapping on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get http servlet mapping ( ) on the wrapped request object ."]
["returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( action [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be action size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) expanding .", "returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) action .", "action array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) expanding ."]
["parse a api request path from servlet path info .", "parse a request path from servlet path info .", "parse an api request path from servlet path info .", "parse a api path from servlet path info .", "parse a api request path from api path info ."]
["check when there is . . json file in the repository", "check when there is . codenvy . file in the repository", "check when there is . codenvy . file in the repository", "check when there is . codenvy . json file in the repository", "check when there is . json file in the repository"]
["returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key or throws a wsrp . no such consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key or throws a no such consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key or throws a wsrp no such consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key liferay . wsrp . no such consumer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key or throws a . no such consumer exception if it could not be found ."]
["the difference of # is interoperable is ignore precision .", "the difference of # is interoperable is ignore decimal .", "the difference of # is interoperable is decimal precision .", "the difference of interoperable is ignore decimal precision .", "the difference of is interoperable is ignore decimal precision ."]
["format the time mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds .", "format mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds .", "the time mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds .", "format the builder in the format hh : mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds .", "format the time in the format builder : mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["grants the role role permission permissions on the resource .", "grants the role permission execute permissions on the resource .", "grants the role execute permission permissions on the resource .", "role permission the role execute permissions on the resource .", "grants the permissions permission execute permissions on the resource ."]
["optionally provide a custom log stream follower that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs .", "optionally provide a custom log follower provider that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs .", "optionally provide a custom log stream that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs .", "optionally provide a custom log stream follower that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs .", "optionally provide a custom log stream id that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs ."]
["set the resource for the graph .", "set the resource graph for the graph .", "set the resource policy for the graph .", "set the resolution resource for the graph .", "set the resource ."]
["this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ status . status status", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project .", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project status", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ . status", "this method returns the value of the status column m _ prj _ project . project status"]
["an illegal state exception is thrown because the aspect ratio has already been set .", "illegal state exception is thrown because the aspect ratio has already been set .", "thrown because the aspect ratio has already been set .", "aspect ratio has already been set .", "is thrown because the aspect ratio has already been set ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["check when there is . codenvy . devfile in the repository", "devfile when there is . codenvy . dockerfile in the repository", "check when there is . devfile . dockerfile in the repository", "check when there is . codenvy . dockerfile in the devfile", "check when there is . codenvy . in the repository"]
["orphan slurs that don ' t connect are removed from their sig .", "orphan slurs that don ' t connect are removed from the sig .", "otherwise orphan slurs that don ' t connect are removed from their sig .", "orphan slurs that its connect are removed from their sig .", "the orphan slurs that don ' t connect are removed from their sig ."]
["build the mvcc store with provided mvcc store factory .", "build the mvccstore store with provided mvccstore store factory .", "build the range store with provided mvcc store factory .", "build the range store with mvccstore factory .", "build the mvccstore with provided mvccstore factory ."]
["the protection end will be calculated based on standard semi - annual roll convention .", "the protection end will be calculated based on semi - annual roll convention .", "the protection end will be calculated based on standard - annual roll convention .", "the protection end will be calculated based on standard cds - annual roll convention .", "the protection end will be calculated based on standard accrual - annual roll convention ."]
["this will retrieve ( if in existence ) or create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix and uri .", "or create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix and uri .", "this will retrieve ( if in existence ) or create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix .", "this will retrieve ( if in existence ) create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix and .", "in existence ) or create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix and uri ."]
["update event loops resources and return the global http resources", "update event provider resources and return the global http resources", "update connection loops resources and return the global http resources", "update event loops resources and return the connection http resources", "update event connection resources and return the global http resources"]
["once the prepare is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the prepare is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once prepare is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "prepare the prefetch is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .", "once the is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused ."]
["this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio item .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the info .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the item ."]
["sets the bootstrap member nodes .", "sets the nodes member locations .", "sets the bootstrap member locations .", "sets the bootstrap nodes locations .", "sets the bootstrap member node ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["saves the batch log entry to the database .", "saves the long log entry to the database .", "saves the conversation log entry to the database .", "saves the log entry to the database .", "saves the conversation batch entry to the database ."]
["reset head segment .", "reset head address .", "head starting address .", "starting head segment .", "reset head segment address ."]
["the condition that triggers the dialog node .", "triggers the dialog node .", "the condition that dialog node .", "the conditions that triggers the dialog node .", "the that triggers the dialog node ."]
["requires the mongodb - crypt library in the class path", "requires the mongodb - crypt library in the class path .", "requires the mongodb - crypt library", "requires the mongodb - crypt library in the class", "requires the mongodb - crypt library in the path"]
["to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block and", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block .", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , block and put block list .", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use and put list", "to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , put block and put block list ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the second portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns a given second portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in a given factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the second portion of a given date as a given number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the second portion of a new date as a new number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the specified second portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in the specified factory timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure successfully", "tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure successfully .", "tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure", "tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure", "tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure"]
["obtains an instance of zone from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of zone from a date object .", "obtains an instance of zone id from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of zone from a date time object .", "obtains an instance of zone id from a date object ."]
["this method is a shortcut to context ( ) . id ( ) .", "this method is a shortcut to context ( ) . request ( ) .", "this method is a shortcut to context ( ) . request id ( ) .", "this method is a shortcut to id ( ) . uuid ( ) .", "this method is a shortcut to context ( id . uuid ( id ."]
["appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value buf .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value value .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # value # value .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # string buf .", "appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # buf value ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for blob client builder # build client ( ) ."]
["configures jodd . petite . petite container with default class path .", "configures jodd . petite . petite container .", "configures jodd . petite . petite container with default class path .", "container jodd . petite . petite container with default class path .", "configures jodd . petite . petite container with default class container ."]
["queries this contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact the given query string .", "queries this contact create for the given query string ."]
["in case of an error , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything behind", "of an error , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything behind", "in case of an error , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything", "case of an error , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything behind", "case of , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything behind"]
["called when a controller requested to prefetch a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 # prepare from uri ( uri , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prepare a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 # prepare from uri ( uri , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 # prepare from uri ( prepare , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 prefetch from # prepare ( uri , bundle ) .", "called when a controller requested to prefetch a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 from prepare from uri ( uri , bundle ) ."]
["from x . y . z return z .", "x . y . z return z .", "from y . z return z .", "from 2 . x . y . z return z .", "from w . 2 . y . z return z ."]
["test of length method , of class tdistribution .", "test of method , of class tdistribution .", "test of npara method , of class tdistribution .", "test of method , length class tdistribution .", "test length npara method , of class tdistribution ."]
["matching is performed using rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified .", "matching is performed using the matching rules specified by rfc2459 ] .", "matching is performed using a matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] ."]
["user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in a case manner .", "user names will always be checked in the case insensitive manner .", "user names will always be checked in an case insensitive manner .", "the user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["test a read after write on corfu table .", "test a read after write on corfu .", "test a read after write on smrmap .", "test a read after write on table table .", "test a read after write on table ."]
["the ec key options parameter is required .", "the ec key create options parameter is required .", "the create ec key options parameter is required .", "the key ec key options parameter is required .", "the create vault ec key options parameter is required ."]
["no component is registered , only madvoc config .", "no component is registered only config and madvoc .", "no component is registered , only madvoc config and madvoc container .", "no component is registered , madvoc config and madvoc container .", "no component is registered , only madvoc config container ."]
["creates a new program scope .", "creates a new program scope : the list .", "creates a new scope : the list of methods .", "creates a program scope : the list of methods .", "creates a new program scope the list of ."]
["returns a range of all the sync d l objects where > ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where time > ?", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where parent > ?"]
["if there is a back in progress for the operator , the call is ignored .", "if there is a sample in progress for the operator , the call is ignored .", "if there is a stats in progress for the operator , the call is ignored .", "if there is an back in progress for the operator , the call is ignored .", "progress for the operator , the call is ignored ."]
["returns the message with the primary key or throws a no such message exception if it could not be found .", "returns the message with the primary key or throws a no such message exception if it could not be found", "returns the message with the primary key or throws a mail no such message exception if it could not be found .", "returns the message with the primary key liferay . mail . no such message exception if it could not be found .", "returns the message with the primary key or throws mail . no such message exception if it could not be found ."]
["tests rejection of expressions .", "tests rejection of %UNK% in version model .", "tests rejection of 1 in version model .", "tests rejection of model in version model .", "tests rejection of 2 in version model ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) ."]
["converts from list of config to list of profiler . cpu profiler configuration", "converts from list of cpu profiler config to list of cpu profiler profiler configuration", "converts from list of cpu config to list of cpu . cpu configuration", "converts from list profiler config to list of cpu profiler cpu profiler configuration", "converts from list of cpu profiler config to list of cpu profiler . cpu"]
["the simplest way to create a cvc token .", "the simplest way to create a update token .", "the simplest way to create a cvc update .", "the simplest way to create a cvc update token .", "the simplest way to create a update token params ."]
["use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to discover on the bigdata build information .", "reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use to discover and report on the bigdata build information .", "use reflection to and report on the bigdata build information ."]
["if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows fallback language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language fallback ( context ) .", "if the given shows fallback code is null , uses display settings # get shows shows fallback ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get language fallback language ( context ) .", "if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get context fallback language ( context ) ."]
["acquires the write optional to start reinitialization .", "acquires the write to start reinitialization .", "acquires the write count to start reinitialization .", "acquires the optional to start reinitialization .", "acquires the write optional to start reinitialization ."]
["returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given set .", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance .", "returns a qualified type that has the same type as this set , but with the given qualifiers ."]
["starts a new download with the given download request .", "starts a new with the given request .", "returns a new download with the given download request .", "starts a new download with the given download request .", "starts a new download with the given download ."]
["this get scenario will return a configuration setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current configuration setting .", "this get scenario will return a configuration when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting configuration when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .", "this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting ."]
["reads up to bytes of data into an array of bytes from this input stream .", "reads up to bytes of data into a of bytes from this input stream .", "reads up to bytes of data into an byte of bytes from this input stream .", "reads up to bytes of data into a bytes from this input stream .", "returns up to bytes of data into an array of bytes from this input stream ."]
["returns the next value .", "returns the next value from the char .", "returns the next value from the input .", "returns the next char from the input .", "returns the next value"]
["return an isa address to represent the socket address in this buffer .", "return represent the socket address in this buffer .", "return an address to represent the socket address this buffer .", "return a to represent the socket address in this buffer .", "return an ia address to represent the socket address in this buffer ."]
["creates a key value matcher to match against slot indexes .", "creates a key matcher to match against slot indexes .", "creates a keys matcher to match against slot indexes .", "creates a matcher to match against slot indexes .", "creates a keys value matcher to match against slot indexes ."]
["the rsa vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the create vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the options vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key rsa vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the rsa key create options vault key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["group :", ": consumer", "group : collect", "group : parent", "group : string"]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api created ' event .", "creates an api entry for the ' service created ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api ' event .", "creates audit entry for the ' a api created ' event ."]
["standard utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # validate satisfied ( index provider [ ] ) .", "standard utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # validate satisfied ( provider [ ] ) .", "utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # validate satisfied ( index provider [ ] ) .", "standard utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # validate satisfied ( ) .", "standard utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # index satisfied ( index provider [ ] ) ."]
["sets the value of the description property .", "sets the value short description property .", "sets the value of the description property .", "sets the value of the short description property .", "sets the value short description property ."]
["the result will be invoked to listener set by set on get cropped image complete listener ( on get cropped image complete listener ) .", "the result will be invoked to listener set by # set on get cropped image complete listener ) .", "# set on get cropped image complete listener ( on get cropped image complete listener ) .", "the result will be invoked to listener set by # set on get cropped image complete listener complete listener ) .", "the result will be invoked to listener set by # set on get cropped image complete listener image complete ) ."]
["generate a properties object with some static defaults that can be overridden by source configuration 2 .", "generate a properties object with some static defaults that can be overridden by source configuration", "generate a properties object with some static defaults that can be overridden source configuration .", "generate a properties object with some static defaults that can be overridden source configuration 2 .", "generate a properties object that can be overridden by source configuration ."]
["the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at least one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at %UNK% one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at stop one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .", "the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at running one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods ."]
["enable gzip compression if the client request presents accept encoding headers .", "enable gzip response compression if the client request presents accept headers .", "gzip response compression if the client request presents accept encoding headers .", "enable gzip response compression encoding headers .", "enable gzip response compression headers ."]
["expected : illegal argument exception is thrown", "expected : illegal argument is thrown", "expected : exception is thrown", "expected : illegal is thrown", "expected : argument is thrown"]
["an index ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - 1 .", "an index ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - binary .", "an binary ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - 1 .", "a ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - 1 .", "a binary ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - 1 ."]
["creates a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .", "returns a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .", "creates class loader and new class inside that class loader .", "creates a new class loader and a new class class loader .", "creates a new class loader ."]
["issues an http redirect .", "issues an http redirect after logout .", "issues an http after subject logout .", "issues an http redirect after subject .", "issues a redirect after subject logout ."]
["heavy weight join ( ) , involves moving data", "heavy weight join ( ) , involves data", "heavy weight join ( ) , involves moving", "heavy weight join , involves moving data", "heavy weight join ( ) , involves moving data ."]
["and org . apache . flink . table . api . planner table environment for planner job .", "and org . apache . flink . planner . api . stream planner environment for stream job .", "and org . apache . planner . table . api . stream table environment for stream job .", "and org . apache . flink . table . planner . stream table environment for stream job .", "and planner . apache . flink . table . api . stream table environment for stream job ."]
["asserts that the error message and the root bean class of the given violation are equal to the expected message and root bean class .", "asserts that the error message and the root bean class of the given violation are equal to the expected message .", "asserts that the error message and the root bean class of the given violation are equal to the expected message bean class .", "asserts that the error message and the root bean invalid of the given violation are equal to the expected message and root bean invalid .", "asserts that the error message of the given violation are equal to the expected message and root bean class ."]
["retrieve the download stream using the default chunk size of 256kb .", "retrieve the download stream of 256kb .", "retrieve the download stream using the chunk size of 256kb .", "retrieve the download stream .", "returns the download stream using the default chunk size of 256kb ."]
["the db cluster snapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "for more information , see note : the db cluster snapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "the cluster snapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "the db snapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .", "the db cluster must be in the available state to be deleted ."]
["get the active transports for the image .", "get the active transport count for the image .", "get the active transport for the image .", "get the transport active transports for the image .", "get the transport count active transports for the image ."]
["converts a json document into a pdx instance", "converts a json document into a pdx instance .", "converts a json document into a instance", "converts a json document into a pdx instance", "returns a json document into a pdx instance"]
["code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( blob http headers , map , blob access conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( http headers httpheaders , map , blob access conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( blob http , map , blob access conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( blob http headers , map , blob access conditions ,", "code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( blob , map , http headers access conditions ,"]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list configuration settings # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . configurationclient . configuration settings # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . list configuration . list settings # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . configuration list settings # setting selector", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list list configuration # setting selector"]
["determines the timeout in milliseconds until a new connect is fully established or established connection transmits a data packet .", "determines the timeout in connect until a new connection is fully established or established connection transmits a data packet .", "determines the timeout in milliseconds until a new connection is fully established or connect connection transmits a data packet .", "determines the timeout in milliseconds until a new connection is fully established or established transmits a data packet .", "determines the timeout in milliseconds until a new connect is fully established or established connect transmits a data packet ."]
["for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources , see managing tagging .", "for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources ,", "for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources , see managing tagging limits .", "for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources , see managing pixel .", "for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources , see managing tagging rds ."]
["if you ' d just like to obtain the version of sip communicator so that you could display it ( e . g .", "if you ' d just like to obtain the version of sip communicator so that you could display it ( g .", "if you ' d just like to obtain the version of sip communicator so that you could display it ( . . g .", "if you ' d like to obtain the version of sip communicator so that you could display it ( e . g .", "if you ' d just like to obtain the version of communicator so that you could display it ( e g ."]
["search for the len point of current number .", "search for the insertion len of current number .", "search for the insertion point of current len .", "search for the point of current number .", "search for the insertion point of current number ."]
["attempts to find the best suited definition to be used for handling the given thrown exception .", "attempts to find the best suited exception policy to be used for handling the given thrown exception .", "attempts to find the best suited to be used for handling the given thrown exception .", "attempts to find the best suited on exception policy to be used for handling the given thrown exception .", "attempts to find the best suited policy to be used for handling the given thrown exception ."]
["gets planner base , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch planner base for batch job .", "gets table base , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch table environment for batch job .", "gets planner base , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch table environment for batch job .", "gets planner , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch planner for batch job .", "gets , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch table planner base for batch job ."]
["determine the security context for this request", "determine the security for this request", "determine the context policy for this request", "determine the security policy context for this request", "determine the security context this request"]
["you should probably instead use the frontend function for this : fcpconnection handler # get plugin client ( string ) .", "you should probably use the frontend function for this : fcpconnection handler # get plugin client ( string ) .", "you should probably instead use the frontend function for this : handler # get plugin client ( string ) .", "you should probably instead use the frontend function for this : fcpconnection handler # get client ( string ) .", "you should probably instead use the frontend function for this : fcpconnection handler # plugin client ( string ) ."]
["if the artifact refers to a directory recursively removes the contents of the directory .", "if the artifact refers to a directory removes the contents of the directory .", "if the root refers to a directory recursively removes the contents of the directory .", "if the artifact root to a directory recursively removes the contents of the directory .", "removes the contents of the directory ."]
["first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press key two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , key esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario : key button - > two windows appear , key esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first scenario , key button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed", "first key : press button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed"]
["return the http request .", "return the http native request .", "return the native request .", "return the native http request .", "return the request ."]
["the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # new push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the new request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the wrapped request new .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get new builder ( ) on the wrapped request object ."]
["test of length method , of class beta .", "test of method , of class beta .", "test of npara method , of class beta .", "test of method , length class beta .", "test length npara method , of class beta ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["it does not read the response entity , if any .", "it does not read the response entity , if the .", "it does not read the response entity , if an .", "it does not read this response entity , if any .", "it does not read the response entity , if this ."]
["gets the value of the salt value property .", "gets the value of the byte value property .", "gets the value of the salt [ property .", "gets the value of the salt property .", "gets the value of the salt value ] property ."]
["returns whether a given clustering prefix is included in this slice .", "returns whether a given bound is included in this slice .", "returns whether a given clustering is included in this slice .", "returns whether a given bound is included in this clustering prefix .", "returns whether a given bound is clustering prefix in this slice ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity and management ( iam ) ."]
["the default implementation does nothing , but subclasses may chose to throw a solr exception if invariants are violated by the", "the default implementation does nothing , but subclasses may chose to throw a exception if invariants are violated by the", "the default implementation does field , but subclasses may chose to throw a solr exception if invariants are violated by the", "the default implementation does nothing , but subclasses may chose to throw a field exception if invariants are violated by the", "the default implementation does nothing , but subclasses may chose to throw an exception if invariants are violated by the"]
["registers the remote value wrapper interceptor in the cache before it gets started .", "registers the remote value wrapper interceptor .", "registers the value wrapper interceptor in the cache before it gets started .", "returns the remote value wrapper interceptor in the cache before it gets started .", "registers the remote value wrapper interceptor ."]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details ."]
["as a special case , resources ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . stream \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . resource \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . input \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resource ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated ."]
["set the max per document .", "set the max passages document .", "set the per document .", "set the passages per document .", "set the max passages per document ."]
["test partition awareness sql cache size property .", "test awareness sql cache size property .", "test affinity partition sql cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition cache size property .", "test affinity awareness sql partition size property ."]
["returns the default impl provider .", "returns the impl selector provider .", "returns the default instance .", "returns the default selector provider .", "returns the default provider ."]
["maintains type , name .", "maintains type , and calibration values .", "maintains name , and calibration values .", "maintains type and calibration values .", "maintains type ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set . configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . set configuration . set setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . configurationasyncclient . configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set setting # string - string - string"]
["returns an immutable map containing three mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing three mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing three mappings .", "returns an map containing three mappings .", "returns a map containing three mappings ."]
["converts a date to a relative time span ( \" 8h \" , \" 3d \" , etc . )", "converts a date to a relative time span ( \" 8h \" , \" returns \" , etc . )", "returns a date to a relative time span ( \" 8h \" , \" 3d \" , etc . )", "converts a date to a relative time span ( \" 8h \" , \" 3d \" . )", "converts a date to a relative time span \" 3d \" , etc . )"]
["attributes can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it .", "attributes can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it .", "file can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it .", "remote can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it .", "put can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it ."]
["the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified and completes eagerly if one of the sources is shorter than the rest while cancel the other sources .", "the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified and completes eagerly if one of the sources is iterable than the rest while cancel the other sources .", "the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified eagerly if one of the sources is shorter than the rest while cancel the other sources .", "the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified and iterable eagerly if one of the sources is shorter than the rest while cancel the other sources .", "the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified and completes iterable if one of the sources is shorter than the rest while cancel the other sources ."]
["generates trits for a transaction .", "generates the trits for a transaction .", "generates random trits .", "generates random trits for a transaction .", "generates a trits for a transaction ."]
["convert a time in milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight .", "convert milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) .", "convert a milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) .", "convert a date in milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) .", "convert a time in milliseconds to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) ."]
["get xa connection .", "get connection .", "get connection connection .", "get data connection .", "get container connection ."]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["stops this thing ' s clear future", "clear this thing ' s polling future", "stops this thing ' clear polling future", "stops this thing ' s future", "stops this thing ' s polling future"]
["tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while %UNK% ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to %UNK% while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills the cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play", "tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play ."]
["scenario successful connection to the back end api via basic auth .", "scenario successful api to the back end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the api end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the back api service via basic auth .", "api successful connection to the back end service via basic auth ."]
["writer for genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes .", "writer for genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes writer .", "writer for genotypes of chromosomes .", "writer of arbitrary .", "writer genotypes of ."]
["sets the alignment .", "sets the alignment of the element .", "sets the selected element .", "sets of the selected element .", "returns the alignment of the selected element ."]
["obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local date - time using the specified preferred offset if possible .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local preferred date - time using the specified offset if possible .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from a specified preferred date - time using the specified offset if possible .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local date - preferred time using the specified offset if possible .", "obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local date preferred - time using the specified offset if possible ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string - string -", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string - string - read", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string - string - is"]
["sets the addresses .", "sets the addresses addresses .", "sets the addresses .", "sets the .", "sets the query ."]
["if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named \" other packages \" will be created for it .", "if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named \" other package \" will be created for it .", "if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named \" other group \" will be created for it .", "if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named \" other element \" will be created for it .", "if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named \" other packages \" will be created for it ."]
["queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this search create for the given query string .", "queries this create for the given query string ."]
["you don ' t need to call # close ( ) after calling this method .", "you don ' t need to call # ( ) after calling this method .", "you don ' t need to call # close after calling this method .", "you don ' t need to call # result ( ) after calling this method .", "you don ' t need to call # linked ( ) after calling this method ."]
["this api returns an export id which you can query using the describe export configurations api .", "this api returns an export id which you can query using the", "this api returns an export id which you can query using the export export configurations api .", "this api returns a export id which you can query using the describe export configurations api .", "this api returns an export id which you can query using the api"]
["returns the search roots .", "returns the search roots .", "returns the search list .", "returns the list roots .", "returns the roots ."]
["action remove hop from this step", "action remove hop from this step", "action remove hop from this meta", "action remove hop", "action remove hop from this"]
["task heartbeat request returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned .", "heartbeat request returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned .", "request returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned .", "returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned .", "activity task heartbeat request returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned ."]
["generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the service in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es .", "generates a valid document id for a api , used to index the api in es ."]
["for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of the subinterfaces .", "for a parent ( must be a ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .", "for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) ."]
["returns the projects entry with the primary key or throws a no such projects entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the projects entry with the primary key or throws a . no such projects entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the projects entry with the primary key or throws a no such projects entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the projects entry with the primary key liferay . so . no such projects entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the projects entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . so . no such projects entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service name", "handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service", "handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / display name"]
["open a new file for data matching a schema .", "open an file for data matching a schema .", "create a new file for data matching a schema .", "open a new file for schema matching a schema .", "append a new file for data matching a schema ."]
["if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal key is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create key id is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create key is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal key is preferred !", "if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal is preferred !"]
["remove a given task .", "remove a given task from the database .", "remove a given task via mode query .", "remove a given from the database via mode query .", "remove a given task from the database via mode query ."]
["list the batch - processing jobs submitted by users .", "list the list - processing jobs submitted by users .", "list the batch - processing jobs submitted by users .", "list the batch - list jobs submitted by users .", "list the batch - processing list submitted by users ."]
["open a session for the session factory that this interceptor uses .", "a session for the session factory that this interceptor uses .", "create a session for the session factory that this interceptor uses .", "open a session session factory that this .", "open an session for the session factory that this interceptor uses ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( object ) ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block .", "get : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block", "normal : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block"]
["parses an array containing a coordinate into a lat lng alt object", "parses an array containing a coordinate into a lat object alt object", "parses an array containing a coordinate into a lat lng object", "parses an array containing a coordinate into a lat lat alt object", "parses an alt containing a coordinate into a lat lng object"]
["setter for # allow all requested headers", "setter for # allow all requested header", "setter for # allow all headers header", "setter for # allow all requested all", "setter for # allow headers requested header"]
["returns the list of fields used to define this provider , or null if the provider is schemaless .", "returns the list of fields used to define this provider .", "returns the list of fields used to define this provider , .", "returns the list of fields used to define this provider , or fields if the provider is schemaless .", "returns the fields of fields used to define this provider , or null if the provider is schemaless ."]
["iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( properties of key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get properties of key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get properties of of key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # properties key ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["returns true if field ttl is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["adds a local id to the list of recently chosen sites", "adds a id to the list of recently chosen sites", "adds a local id to the list of chosen sites", "adds an id to the list of recently chosen sites", "adds a local id to the list of recently chosen sites ."]
["fills the current buffer with bytes from the specified array from the specified offset .", "fills the current buffer with bytes from the specified array from the specified offset .", "fills the current buffer with array from the specified array from the specified offset .", "fills the current buffer with bytes from the specified array from the specified array .", "fills the buffer with bytes from the specified array from the specified offset ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # extends _ extends ."]
["create a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree .", "create a connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree .", "create a add object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree .", "create a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get a id and place it on the tree .", "create an connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree ."]
["returns the configured bootstrap nodes .", "returns the configured bootstrap node .", "returns the configured nodes locations .", "returns the nodes bootstrap locations .", "returns the bootstrap locations ."]
["takes spir - context as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl .", "takes spir - v as a sequence of context - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl .", "takes spir - status as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl .", "takes spir - v as a sequence of initialize - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl .", "takes spir - initialize as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl ."]
["each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the guice di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique to the guice di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the guice container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique ."]
["add an algorithm by loading a config file .", "add an algorithm .", "add an algorithm by loading the config file .", "add an algorithm by loading an config file .", "add a by loading a config file ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["enable static final class graph # enable field constant initializer values ( ) to have been called .", "requires class graph # class static final field constant initializer values ( ) to have been called .", "requires class graph # enable static final field constant initializer values ( ) to have been called .", "requires class graph # enable field enable static final initializer values ( ) to have been called .", "requires class graph # enable class static final constant initializer values ( ) to have been called ."]
["returns uri to post events to .", "returns post events to .", "returns uri events to .", "returns post uri to .", "returns ."]
["determines whether this version supports setting keyspace on a per - query basis .", "determines whether or not this version supports keyspace on a per basis .", "determines whether or not this version supports keyspace on a per - query basis .", "determines whether or this version supports setting keyspace on a per - query basis .", "determines whether not this version supports setting keyspace on a per - query basis ."]
["a more instant adjuster might set the date - time to the last day of the month .", "a more complex adjuster might set the instant - time to the last day of the month .", "a more complex instant might set the date - time to the last day of the month .", "a more complex adjuster might create the date - time to the last day of the month .", "a more complex adjuster might instant the date - time to the last day of the month ."]
["random access thing , then read randomly and compare .", "random access buffer , then read randomly and compare .", "random access thing , then read randomly and compare .", "random access buffer , then read randomly and compare .", "random access thing buffer , then read randomly and compare ."]
["updates the ui after the result of an update operation on the edited ocshare permissions .", "updates the ui after the result of an update operation on the edited ocshare information .", "updates the ui after the result of an information operation on the edited ocshare permissions .", "updates the ui after the result of an update information on the edited ocshare permissions .", "updates the information after the result of an update operation on the edited ocshare permissions ."]
["get belegart .", "get lesen .", "get kostenrechnungsgenauigkeit .", "get bezugsnebenkosten .", "get verarbeiten ."]
["this method will attempt to load the cluster and path level configuration defaults .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster and path conf configuration defaults and update the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster and path level configuration defaults and update the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster and path configuration load conf and update the configuration if necessary .", "this method will attempt to load the cluster and path configuration load and update the configuration if necessary ."]
["returns an immutable set containing two elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing two elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing two elements .", "returns a set containing two elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing two elements ."]
["returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an http method that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an status method with a status code that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has an http method code that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has a with a status code that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range .", "returns \" true \" if the provided crawl uri has a method with a status code that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range ."]
["this is useful in item attribute value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) .", "this is useful in attribute value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) .", "this is useful in value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) .", "this is useful in type attribute value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) .", "this is useful in converting attribute value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) ."]
["this means that , by default , a codec will accept any subtype of the java type that it has been created for .", "this means that , by default , a codec will accept any subtype of the type that it has been created for .", "this means that , by default , a codec will accept any subtype of the assignable type that it has been created for .", "this means that , by default , a codec will accept any subtype of the raw type that it has been created for .", "this means that , by default , a codec will accept any assignable of the java type that it has been created for ."]
["returns instance manager relevant to current application .", "returns instance relevant to current application .", "returns instance manager to current application .", "returns instance manager locator relevant to current application .", "returns service instance manager relevant to current application ."]
["returns the parent folder of this resource .", "gets the parent folder of this resource .", "returns the parent folder .", "returns the parent folder of this parent .", "returns the parent folder of the resource ."]
["look for all unclosed issues in branches / pr targeting the same long living branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches .", "look for all unclosed issues in branches / pr targeting the same long living branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches .", "look for all unclosed issues in branches / pr targeting the same long pr branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches .", "look for all unclosed issues in branches / %UNK% targeting the same long living branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches .", "look for all unclosed issues in pr / pr targeting the same long living branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches ."]
["emit metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", "metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", "emit metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the run id and the profile id", "emit metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the program run id", "emit metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the profile run id and the profile id"]
["bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os .", "maximized bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os .", "bounds bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os .", "setting bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os .", "set bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os ."]
["add the triple to the where clause", "add the triple path to the where clause", "add the path to the where clause", "add the triple to the where triple path", "add the triple . to the where clause"]
["then a new basic document is used instead .", "then a new document is used instead .", "then a given basic document is used instead .", "then a new unchecked document is used instead .", "then a new document document is used instead ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all s16 in the planar image .", "computes the maximum across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each s16 across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum across all bands in the planar ."]
["invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent requires to resolve the given root modules", "invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent . resolve resolve the given root modules ."]
["semantics double with timer event listener # timer event expire entry ( entry , object )", "semantics double with timer event listener # timer event expire entry entry ,", "semantics double with timer event listener # timer event expire entry", "semantics double with event listener # timer event expire entry ( entry object )", "semantics double with timer event listener # timer event expire entry ( entry , )"]
["set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniond .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniondc quaterniondc .", "set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified ."]
["returns the seeding strategy factory used by this factory .", "returns the strategy factory used by this factory .", "returns the iseeding strategy factory used by this factory .", "returns the seeding strategy factory used by this factory .", "returns the strategy factory used by this factory ."]
["locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "returns a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "locates a packaged module , returning .", "locates a directory or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .", "locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to ."]
["verifies whether signature is made by signer with public key", "verifies whether signature is made by signer with key", "verifies whether signature is made by signer with byte", "verifies whether signature is made by signer with res key", "verifies whether signature is made by signer with signature key"]
["sets the storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "sets the storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["sets the types .", "sets the resource .", "sets the resource types .", "sets resource types .", "returns the resource types ."]
["create a payload from the given data .", "create a payload .", "create an payload from the given data .", "returns a payload from the given data .", "create a payload from the given data ."]
["get a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example \" a \" or \" b + \" .", "get a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example \" a \" .", "get a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example \" a \" \" .", "returns a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example \" a \" or \" b + \" .", "get a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example \" a \" b + \" ."]
["returns a clong buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a pointer buffer view of the data . l field .", "returns a clong buffer view of the clong . l field .", "returns a clong buffer view of the data . clong field ."]
["property sxjavaversion", "property jversion", "property javaversion", "property", "property sxjavaversion"]
["convert this map x to a seq via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a seq x via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a seq the provided transformation function", "convert this map to a list seq via the provided transformation function", "convert this map x to a seq seq via the provided transformation function"]
["this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .", "this methods checks that this node , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version ."]
["if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .", "if one a float , the other is converted to a float .", "a float , the other is converted to a float .", "if one a float , the other converted to a float .", "is a float , the other is converted to a float ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for zip and debugging ."]
["scan all files in the designated directories .", "recursively scan all files in the designated directories .", "recursively scan all files in the designated directories .", "recursively scan all files in the designated scan .", "scan scan all files in the designated directories ."]
["get the zoned date that this token expires", "get the date that this token expires time", "returns the date that this token expires", "get the time that this token expires", "get the date"]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor ."]
["refreshes the view .", "refreshes the filter .", "refreshes the refresh view .", "refreshes filter view .", "returns the filter view ."]
["assumes string is in # encoding _ charset format .", "assumes string is in # encoding charset format .", "assumes string is in # encoding charset format .", "assumes string is in # encoding format .", "assumes string is in # bytes _ charset format ."]
["returns true if this module exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if the module exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module exports the given package or open to the given module .", "returns package or open if this module exports the given package to the given module .", "returns true if this module exports the given package or open open to the given module ."]
["checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been normalized and using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been file and using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two file are equal after both have been normalized and using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are file after both have been normalized and using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been normalized and using the file rules of the system ."]
["if drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is .", "if reference # drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is .", "if context # drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is .", "if author # drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is .", "if # drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is ."]
["set the new delay between two lifecycle events .", "set the new periodic period between two lifecycle events .", "set the new periodic delay between two lifecycle events .", "set the new period between two delay events .", "set the new periodic between two lifecycle events ."]
["returns the package type .", "returns the package type ( type / internal ) .", "returns the type type ( expath / internal ) .", "returns the package type expath / .", "returns the package type ( expath ."]
["call peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related .", "call peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related to debug .", "peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related to video .", "call peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related .", "debug peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related to video ."]
["returns a stream of entries in this jmod file .", "returns a stream in this jmod file .", "returns a stream of this jmod file .", "returns a stream entries in this jmod file .", "returns a stream of in this jmod file ."]
["test the write path using a fake writer and verifying the expected log statements are written .", "test the write path using a writer and verifying the expected log statements are written .", "test the write path using a fake writer .", "test the write path using a and verifying the expected log statements are written .", "test the write path using a test writer and verifying the expected log statements are written ."]
["shifts the focus to the previous element .", "shifts the focus .", "shifts the focus to the element .", "shifts the focus to this element .", "focus the focus to the previous element ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniond to this matrix .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc quaterniondc to this matrix ."]
["| if left child is added to queue before right child , it will be in the front of the level .", "| if left child is added to queue before right child , it will be in the front of the col .", "| if left child is added to queue before col child , it will be in the front of the level .", "| if left child is added to col before right child , it will be in the front of the level .", "| if left child is added to queue before right child , it will be in the col of the level ."]
["returns default compiler options .", "returns default create options .", "returns default compiler create .", "returns compiler options .", "returns default options ."]
["removes the subtree rooted at this node from the tree , giving this node a null parent .", "removes the subtree rooted at this node from the tree .", "returns the subtree rooted at this node from the tree , giving this node a null parent .", "removes the rooted at this node from the tree , giving this node a null parent .", "removes the subtree rooted at this node from the tree"]
["if the prepare is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method .", "if prepare is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method .", "if the is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method .", "prepare the prefetch is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method .", "if a prepare is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method ."]
["creates a capture config . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture config . builder contains shared options .", "creates a capture config . builder contains shared options .", "creates request config . builder contains shared options .", "creates a config . builder contains shared options ."]
[": property1 = value1 , value2 , \" a quoted value \" , ' another quoted value '", "= value1 , value2 , \" a quoted value \" , ' another quoted value '", "= value1 value2 , \" a quoted value \" , ' another quoted value '", ": property1 = string , value2 , \" a quoted value \" , ' another quoted value '", ": property1 = get , value2 , \" a quoted value \" , ' another quoted value '"]
["when multiple tokens , an ordered with slop of 0 is returned .", "when multiple tokens , a with slop of 0 is returned .", "multiple tokens , an ordered with slop of 0 is returned .", "when multiple tokens , ordered with slop of 0 is returned .", ", an ordered with slop of 0 is returned ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for builder # build client ( ) .", "code snippets for blob client builder # build client ( ) ."]
["take the date referenced by given @ literal field reference in the utc timezone .", "take the date referenced by given field reference in the utc timezone .", "take the date referenced by given @ literal field reference .", "take the date referenced by given reference in the utc timezone .", "take the date referenced by given @ literal field reference in the date timezone ."]
["create a connection creator for permanent connections .", "create a connection creator for connections .", "create a connection creator for permanent acquire .", "create a connection creator for acquire connections .", "create a acquire creator for permanent connections ."]
["coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras before _ am / era _ am .", "coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras of era before am / era am .", "coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras of era _ before _ am am .", "coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras of era _ am / era _ am .", "coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras of era _ before _ am / era _ am ."]
["directions are com . sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine what adjacent points area available .", "directions are sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine what adjacent points area available .", "directions are com . sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine what adjacent points available", "directions are com . sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine adjacent points area available", "directions are block . sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine what adjacent points area available ."]
["parse the given comma - separated string into a list of media type objects .", "parse the given - separated string into a list of media type objects .", "parse the given comma - separated string into a list of type objects .", "parse the given comma - separated string into a list of media type media .", "parse the given parse - separated string into a list of media type objects ."]
["tries to registers manager for the given type url .", "tries to registers manager for the given url .", "tries to registers manager for the given deprecated url .", "tries to registers deprecated for the given type url .", "tries to register manager for the given type url ."]
["set the value for some properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for properties metadata on a collection alias .", "set the value for an properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for some metadata on a properties alias ."]
["group may restore files / folders from recycle bin - room permissions required .", "user / group may restore files from recycle bin - room permissions required .", "user may restore files / folders from recycle bin - room permissions required .", "user / group may restore files / folders from recycle bin - room permissions .", "user group may restore files / folders from recycle bin - permissions required ."]
["saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all write ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "write changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators pass .", "saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( write and bean level ) pass ."]
["getter for # allowed headers", "getter for # headers", "getter for # allow headers", "getter for # headers .", "getter for allow headers"]
["see immutable map static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see map static factory methods for details .", "see immutable map factory methods for details .", "see a map static factory methods for details ."]
["if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to configure the janus graph", "if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to configure the graph", "if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to janus the titan graph", "if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to configure the janus", "if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to configure the titan graph"]
["enable http status 301 / 302 auto", "enable http status 301 302 auto -", "enable http status 301 / 302 auto support", "enable http status 301 / 302 support", "enable http status 301 302 auto - support"]
["computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given weight .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given set .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .", "computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given sum ."]
["binds the specified service .", "binds the specified http service at the specified http path pattern .", "binds http the specified service at the specified path pattern .", "http the specified service at the specified path pattern .", "binds the http specified service at the specified path pattern ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # extends _ extends ."]
["aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal publishers have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given publishers have been fulfilled .", "aggregate void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the @ literal publishers have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal publishers have been fulfilled .", "aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of @ literal publishers have been fulfilled ."]
["so when we got and all is ok - call this method .", "when we got packet and all is ok - call this method .", "so when we packet and all is ok - call this method .", "so when we got packet - call this method .", "so when we got packet ."]
["add a new cell to this table and copy processed content of tc to it .", "add a new cell to this table content of tc to it .", "add a new cell to this table of tc to it .", "add a new cell to this table processed content of tc to it .", "add a new cell to this table tc to it ."]
["useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .", "useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a 100 . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example ."]
["posts the experiment to the server and updates it with the returned values .", "posts the experiment to the server .", "posts the experiment to the test and updates it with the returned values .", "posts the experiment to the server and starts it with the returned values .", "posts the experiment to the server"]
["estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request", "estimate reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery", "estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request ,"]
["checks and adjusts the market data names .", "checks the market data names .", "checks and returns the market data names .", "checks .", "checks data names ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified cds name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["the returned map doesn ' t contain any entry for project uuid for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie .", "the returned map doesn ' t contain any entry for component project for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie .", "the returned map doesn ' t contain any entry for component main uuid for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie .", "the returned map doesn ' t contain any entry for main uuid for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie .", "the returned map doesn ' t contain no project for component uuid for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie ."]
["the sequence dictionary is taken from the read - count file .", "the read is taken from the read - count file .", "read - count file .", "taken from the read - count file .", "the read - count file ."]
["read up to length of exactly from in until eof is detected .", "read up to length of exactly nbytes from in until eof is detected .", "read up to exactly of bytes from in until eof is detected .", "read up to length from in until eof is detected .", "read up to exactly nbytes of bytes from in until eof is detected ."]
["the conversion extracts the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch - day field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch .", "the conversion returns the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch - day field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch - day - field ."]
["returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie , or null if no such comment has been defined .", "returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie .", "returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie", "returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie has been defined .", "returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie , null if no such comment has been defined ."]
["jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .", "jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires", "jax version api is loaded from 0 , but jax ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .", "version api is loaded from 0 , but runtime requires version api .", "is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires ."]
["returns the avatar of a specific meta contact in the form of an", "gets the avatar of a specific contact in the form of an", "gets the avatar of a specific byte in the form of an", "gets the avatar of a specific meta contact", "gets the avatar of a specific meta contact"]
["get hex string for the supplied big integer : \" 0x \" where hex string is outputted in groups of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces .", "get hex string for the supplied big integer : \" 0x \" where hex string is outputted in %UNK% of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces .", "get string for the supplied big integer : \" 0x \" where get builder string is outputted in groups of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces .", "get hex builder for the supplied big integer : \" 0x \" where hex string is outputted in groups of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces .", "get hex %UNK% for the supplied big integer : \" 0x \" where hex %UNK% is outputted in groups of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces ."]
["creates a negotiator used for alts server .", "returns a negotiator used for alts server .", "creates an negotiator used for alts server .", "creates the negotiator used for alts server .", "returns alts server ."]
["throws an exception if input must be valid .", "throws an exception if input must be valid , or returns a question mark as .", "throws an exception if input must be valid , .", "throws a if input must be valid , or returns a question mark as replacement .", "throws an exception if input must be valid"]
["mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the pub key hash", "mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the pub hash", "mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the pubkey pub key", "mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the hash", "mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the pub key"]
["sets the cluster name used as an endpoint cluster password for authentication on the target endpoint .", "sets the cluster name used as an endpoint group password for authentication on the target endpoint .", "sets the cluster name used as an endpoint group password for authentication on the target endpoint .", "sets the group cluster used as an endpoint group password for authentication on the target endpoint .", "sets name used as an endpoint group password for authentication on target endpoint ."]
["returns the index from the segment bytes .", "builds the manager from the segment bytes .", "builds the segment from the segment bytes .", "returns the manager from the segment bytes .", "returns the manager ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["get production date ( available on some multisensors )", "get hardware date ( available on some multisensors )", "get production hardware ( available on some multisensors )", "get date ( available on some multisensors )", "gets production date ( available on some multisensors )"]
["returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space , applying the rounding and parity modes .", "returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space .", "returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space", "returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space modes .", "returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space , parity modes ."]
["requests that the player prepare a media item with the specific search query for playback .", "requests that the prepare prefetch a media item with the specific search query for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a media item with the specific search query for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a prepare item with the specific search query for playback .", "prepare that the player prefetch a media item with the specific search query for playback ."]
["this method may return null if the field does not exist .", "this method may returns null if the field does not exist .", "note : this method may return null if the field does not exist .", "this method may return null if all field does not exist .", "the may return null if the field does not exist ."]
["checks if the expression bound to this variable has the given flags .", "checks if the expression bound to this variable has the given . .", "checks if the flags bound to this variable has the given flag .", "checks if the expression bound to this variable has the given .", "checks if the expression bound to this variable has the given flag ."]
["shows the message .", "shows the tab if no search params were selected .", "shows the if no search first tab were selected .", "shows the first if no search params were selected .", "shows the message selected ."]
["otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .", "otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed module ) and a new module reference is returned .", "module the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned ."]
["this allows additional information to be portfolio to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .", "this portfolio additional information to be attached to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio .", "this allows additional portfolio to be attached to the trade ."]
["return the array of s that can appear in the serialized form .", "returns the array of s that can appear in the serialized form .", "return the block of s that can appear in the serialized form .", "return the serialized of s that can appear in the serialized form .", "return the form of s that can appear in the serialized form ."]
["returns true if this result is an underflow condition .", "returns if this result is an underflow condition .", "returns cr if this result is an underflow condition .", "true if this result is an underflow condition .", "returns true if this result is an underflow cr ."]
["return the quality value , as indicated by a q parameter , if any .", "return the factor value , as indicated by a q parameter , if any .", "return the quality factor , as indicated by a q parameter , if any .", "return the quality value , as indicated by a factor parameter , if any .", "returns the quality value , as indicated by a q parameter , if any ."]
["if possible the language should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the language reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the lookup should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .", "if possible the reference reference should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["looked at this post : url", "looked at this post", "looked at this : url", "looked at this url", "looked at this post :"]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to _ sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a _ input ."]
["returns the value of is analyzer enabled .", "is the value of cmake analyzer enabled .", "get the value of cmake analyzer enabled .", "returns the value of cmake analyzer enabled .", "finds the value of cmake analyzer enabled ."]
["gets the type of the exception that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by an throwable .", "gets the type of the throwable that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by an exception .", "gets the type the of throwable that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by an exception .", "gets the type of the throwable that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by an throwable .", "gets the type of the exception that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by the throwable ."]
["register harvestable _ crop | an item stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at .", "_ crop | an item stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at .", "crop | an item stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at .", "harvestable _ crop | an item stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at .", "register harvestable _ crop | a stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at ."]
["the items can be null .", "the list can be null .", "the list can be items .", "the list can be .", "the list can be null ."]
["atomically set the hi integer value without changing the lo value .", "set the hi integer value without changing the lo value .", "atomically get the hi integer value without changing the lo value .", "atomically set the get hi integer value without changing the lo value .", "atomically set the hi value without changing the lo value ."]
["read owner for a given version , with cl = quorum and serial cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the read .", "owner for a given version , with cl = quorum and serial cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the .", "read owner for given version , with cl = quorum and serial cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the read .", "read owner for a given version and serial cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the read .", "read owner for a given version quorum and cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the read ."]
["for example \" \" .", "for example \" .", ".", "for example sep .", "for example \" month \" ."]
["turns this reactive seq into a connectable , a connectable & pausable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable & pausable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a hot , a connectable & pausable connectable , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this seq into a hot connectable , a connectable & pausable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a hot connectable , a connectable & pausable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data ."]
["set lager .", "set werbemassnahme .", "set ablaufsteuerung .", "set kosten .", "set fenster ."]
["returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the patch rest operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .", "returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation .", "returns the patch operation rest for the replace operation , based on the operation path ."]
["updates a challenge response object according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the server .", "updates a object according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the server .", "updates a challenge response object according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the .", "updates a response object according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the server .", "updates a according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the server ."]
["get verbucht .", "get standard .", "get lieferweg .", "get fenster .", "get importiert ."]
["bind a named parameter - valued parameter .", "bind a named locale - valued parameter .", "bind a named parameter list - valued parameter .", "bind a parameter locale - valued parameter .", "bind a named locale parameter ."]
["returns the session attributes of the session .", "returns the session of the session .", "returns the user id of the session .", "returns the the session .", "returns the attributes attributes of the session ."]
["compares this date to another date .", "returns this local date to another date .", "compares this local date to another date .", "compares this local date to .", "compares the local date to another date ."]
["returns the name of the first check .", "returns the name of the first check , or \" \" .", "returns the name of the first check .", "returns the name of the first returns , or \" \" .", "returns the name of the first check , ."]
["the rsa key create options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create vault rsa key options # get expires ( ) expires and"]
["adds units to indexed remaining units .", "adds units to order indexed remaining .", "adds units to order units .", "adds units to indexed remaining .", "adds units to indexed remaining order units ."]
["group : reset", "group : reset", "reset : reset", "group : %UNK%", ": reset"]
["get ordered .", "get verarbeitet .", "get ordered ordered .", "get verarbeitet ordered .", "returns verarbeitet ."]
["loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "properties over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties properties key properties ) .", "loop over the properties properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( properties of key properties key properties ) ."]
["this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of offset date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of offset time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of date time .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of date date offset .", "this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of time ."]
["if the insertion point equal to the current len , it means the array can be extended .", "if the insertion point equal to the current n , it means the array can be extended .", "if the insertion point equal to the current len , it means the array can be extended .", "if the insertion point equal to the current len , it means the array can be extended .", "if the len point equal to the current size , it means the array can be extended ."]
["returns a module set .", "returns a set supplier .", "returns a module .", "returns a module set .", "returns a module supplier set ."]
["fetches a preview of the modified text , and shows ( fades in ) the preview fragment , which includes edit summary tags .", "fetches a preview of the modified text , and shows the preview fragment , which includes edit summary tags .", "fetches a preview of the modified text , and shows ( fades in ) the preview fragment .", "fetches a preview of the modified text shows ( fades in ) the preview fragment , which .", "fetches a preview of the modified text , and shows ( fades in ) the preview fragment , which includes e summary tags ."]
["closes the provisioning driver .", "closes the driver .", "returns the provisioning driver .", "closes the storage driver .", "closes the close driver ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the date timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the factory in the given timezone timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the factory in reference timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the factory in the specified timezone timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["open a webview the current activity .", "open a webview above the current activity .", "open a webview .", "open a webview above current activity .", "open a webview activity ."]
["create space for a new item and returns the rank for that item .", "create space for a new item .", "returns space for a new item and returns the rank for that item .", "create space for a new item .", "create space for the new item and returns the rank for that item ."]
["or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found", "or throws a mail no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such folder exception if it could not be found ."]
["create parameters necessary for creating a reusable alipay source .", "create parameters for creating a reusable alipay source .", "create source necessary for creating a reusable alipay source .", "returns parameters necessary for creating a reusable alipay source .", "create parameters source for creating a reusable alipay source ."]
["when the area is deleted from the device , it is important first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered .", "when the area is deleted from the device , it is first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered .", "when the area is deleted from the map , it is important first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered .", "when the area is deleted from the device , it is important first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered .", "when the map is deleted from the device , it is important first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered ."]
["if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range .", "if # ignore is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range .", "if # _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range .", "if # ignore overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range .", "if # overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range ."]
["updates the summary statistics but does not store the given record .", "returns the summary statistics but does not store the given log record .", "sets the summary statistics but does not store the given log record .", "updates the summary u but does not store the given log record .", "updates the summary statistics ."]
["key is the user uuid in string form", "key is the user uuid in string form .", "key is the user uuid in string", "key is the user uuid", "key is the user uuid in string key"]
["loads the schema crawler configuration , and override configuration , from properties files .", "loads the schema crawler configuration .", "loads the schema crawler configuration , and override configuration , from filename files .", "loads the schema crawler configuration from properties files .", "returns the schema crawler configuration , and override configuration , from properties files ."]
["decide whether to examine all the tables to dump .", "whether to examine all the tables to dump .", "tables to dump .", "examine all the tables to dump .", "the tables to dump ."]
["the conversion extracts the chrono field # chrono nano _ of _ day nano - of - day field .", "the conversion extracts chrono the chrono field # nano _ of _ day nano - of - day field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field # nano chrono _ of _ day nano - of - day field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field _ of _ day nano - of - day field .", "the conversion extracts the chrono field # chrono <INSERT_END> _ of _ day nano - of - day field ."]
["returns the additional filter query part .", "returns the filter query part .", "returns the additional filter query part .", "returns the additional filter query .", "returns the returns filter query part ."]
["calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , null , string ,", "calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , ) , string ,", "calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , null ) , string", "calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , null ) , case", "calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , ) ) , string"]
["removes all of the api contracts from es .", "removes all of the service api from es .", "removes all of the contracts from es .", "api all of the service contracts from es .", "removes all of the application contracts from es ."]
["emit the metrics context for the program , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", "get the emit for the program , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", "emit the program , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", "get the emit context for the program , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id", ", the tags are constructed with the program"]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , test 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "test the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully"]
["return the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor if any .", "return the constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor if any .", "return the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin constructor if any .", "returns the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor if any .", "return the constructor constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor if any ."]
["also checks that required role are satisfied", "checks that required role are satisfied", "also checks that required role are relations", "relations checks that required role are satisfied", "also checks that relations role are satisfied"]
["returns all the sync d l objects where repository id = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where r id = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where parent id = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where parent folder = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where parent folder id = ?"]
["the given leadership term id already been unknown ?", "has this leadership term id already been appended ?", "the given leadership term id already unknown ?", "the given leadership term id already been is unknown ?", "the given leadership term id already is appended ?"]
["returns a new unloaded toolchain context key . builder .", "returns a new unloaded toolchain context context key . builder .", "returns a new key . builder .", "returns a unloaded key . builder .", "returns a new unloaded toolchain context . key . builder ."]
["returns the entity id of the entity who emit this message .", "returns the entity id of the program who emit this message .", "returns the entity id of the entity who emit this message .", "returns the entity id of the entity who emit this message .", "the returns entity id of the program who emit this message ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose sort is parameter exception _ parameter ."]
["creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s attribute name .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s char sequence .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s name attribute .", "creates a behavior that uses the given wicket name function function to do something with a component ' s attribute ."]
["returns the command of a transaction .", "returns the identifier of a command .", "returns the identifier of the transaction .", "returns the identifier of a transaction .", "returns the identifier of a transaction ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the integer .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["register sub - objects such as caches", "register sub - objects such as caches .", "register sub - objects such as caches %UNK%", "register statistics such as caches", "register sub ."]
["tries to rename the bookmark to the specified destination .", "rename to move the bookmark to the specified destination .", "rename the bookmark to the specified destination .", "tries to move the bookmark to the specified destination .", "returns the bookmark to the specified destination ."]
["updates settings .", "settings for building clients .", "updates settings", "returns settings for building clients .", "refresh settings for building clients ."]
["event listener callback - unused for now - how many devices support events ?", "listener callback - unused for now - how many devices support events ?", "event listener callback for now - how many devices support events ?", "event debug callback - unused for now - how many devices support events ?", "event listener callback - how many devices support events ?"]
["# use any planner ( ) is enabled .", "by , # use any planner ( ) is enabled .", ", # use is enabled .", "by # use any planner ( ) is enabled .", "use any planner ( ) is enabled ."]
["adds an entry to the layer with the given permissions .", "adds a to the layer with the given permissions .", "adds a modification to the layer with the given permissions .", "adds an entry to the layer .", "adds an entry to the layer with a permissions ."]
["returns a description of this result .", "returns a text of this result .", "returns a string description of this result .", "returns a text description of this string .", "returns an description of this result ."]
["returns number of arguments for the specified type .", "returns number of max for the specified type .", "returns number of arguments for the specified max type .", "returns number of max arguments for the specified type .", "returns number of the arguments for the specified type ."]
["removes a web socket from the clients list .", "removes a socket from the members list .", "removes a web socket .", "removes a web socket from the list .", "removes an socket from the members list ."]
["returns the iso code , except when the alias \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code , except when the locale \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code is used .", "returns the iso code , except when the alias \" loc \" is used .", "returns the iso code \" is ."]
["replaces existing tags of the specified metadata id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata with a new set of tags ."]
["find sharding encryptor .", "get sharding encryptor .", "sharding encryptor .", "get find encryptor .", "get find sharding encryptor ."]
["returns an unmodifiable map of properties for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map .", "returns an unmodifiable map of for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map of metadata for a given alias .", "returns an unmodifiable map of properties a given alias ."]
["sets the storage namespace .", "sets the namespace serializer .", "sets the storage namespace .", "sets the storage serializer .", "sets the storage namespace ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given instance provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the sorted iterable of all provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given ranked instance provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given instance manager contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service instance manager hk2 service locator container ."]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["gets the list of sitemap site selector options .", "gets the list of site selector options .", "gets the list of site sitemap selector options .", "gets the list of sitemap selector options .", "gets the sitemap of site selector options ."]
["shutdown all the channel creators out there .", "all the channel creators out there .", "stops all the channel creators out there .", "%UNK% all the channel creators out there .", "shutdown all a channel creators out there ."]
["group may permanently remove files / folders from the recycle bin .", "user / group may remove files folders from the recycle bin .", "user / group may permanently remove files from the recycle bin .", "user may permanently remove files / folders from the recycle bin .", "user / group may permanently remove folders from the recycle bin ."]
["for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "for el need to unquote everything but the need to convert anything .", "to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "note : for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "but no need to convert anything ."]
["snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key # key", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key # key", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key # key context", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key # key", "snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key # key"]
["search key match reg exps value .", "search key match reg exps value", "search key match reg value", "search key match reg exps", "search key match exps value"]
["the request context . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .", "the scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples per line .", "the file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["release any resources held by this syslog appender .", "release any resources held by this appender .", "release any resources held .", "release resources held by this syslog appender .", "release any resources by this syslog appender ."]
["reset head segment .", "reset head address .", "head starting address .", "starting head segment .", "reset head segment address ."]
["returns an existing sshsession for the given host .", "returns an existing sshsession for the given program .", "returns a program sshsession for the given host .", "returns an existing sshsession for the given run .", "returns a sshsession for the given host ."]
["returns an application . wadl description with all restxq endpoints .", "returns a . wadl description with all restxq endpoints .", "returns a web . wadl description with all restxq endpoints .", "returns wadl description with all restxq endpoints .", "returns description with all restxq endpoints ."]
["the rsa key create options vault key # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key rsa vault key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the options vault key key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the rsa key rsa create key options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .", "the create vault key key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified ."]
["returns a boolean value indicating whether the segment is full .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the writer is full .", "returns a writer value indicating whether the segment is full .", "returns the boolean value indicating whether the segment is full .", "returns a boolean value indicating whether the full is full ."]
["set the enabled .", "add the enabled .", "returns the enabled .", "set the .", "set the set ."]
["set the type .", "set value type .", "set type .", "the value type .", "set the value type ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive , returning default value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` transitive public `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `", "returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires transitive `"]
["static resources are resolved from classpath .", "static resources are resolved .", "static resources are resolved from route .", "static resources are resolved from pattern .", "static resources are resolved from source ."]
["get resource of the trigger .", "get resource the trigger .", "get resource .", "get properties .", "get resource of the trigger ."]
["returns the string tag if set , or constants # null _ string _ tag instead .", "returns the string tag if set , or string # null _ string _ tag instead .", "returns tag if set , or constants # null _ string _ tag instead .", "returns the string tag if set , or tag # null _ string _ tag instead .", "returns the string tag if set , or constants # null _ string _ tag ."]
["the rsa key rsa vault key options is required .", "the rsa key rsa create key options is required .", "the rsa key vault key create options is required .", "the rsa key create create key options is required .", "the rsa key rsa create options is required ."]
["parse a string generated by by simple type format ( )", "parse a string generated by simple type # format ( )", "parse a string generated by main type # format ( )", "parse a simple type string generated by # format ( )", "parse a string generated by # main ( )"]
["defaults to false .", "defaults to keep .", "defaults .", "defaults to 1 .", "defaults to true ."]
["test of length method , of class log normal distribution .", "test of npara method , of class log normal distribution .", "test of method , of class log normal distribution .", "test length npara method , of class log normal distribution .", "test of method , length class log normal distribution ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # http headers httpheaders", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # blob http", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set http headers # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # blob headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # blob http headers"]
["gets a stream of suggestions of input to this parser .", "gets a suggestions of input to this parser .", "gets a list of suggestions of input to this parser .", "gets a stream of input to this parser .", "gets an stream of suggestions of input to this parser ."]
["initiated , including job initiation date , the user who initiated the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job .", "this operation returns information about a job you previously , including the job initiation date , the user who the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job .", "including the job initiation date , the user who initiated the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job .", "you previously initiated , including the job initiation date , the user who initiated the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job", "initiated , including initiation date the user who initiated the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job ."]
["fire ishipment schedule segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed .", "fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed .", "fire ishipment segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed .", "fire shipment schedule segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed .", "ishipment schedule istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed ."]
["returning implies no access control", "returning null implies no access control", "returning auth implies no access control", "returning implies no access control .", "returning implies no access control policy"]
["get the job start sla from the dag node config .", "get the start sla from the dag node config .", "get the job sla from the dag node config .", "get the job start job from the dag node config .", "get the sla from the dag node config ."]
["make sure to keep # wiki fields and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # wiki id fields and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # database fields and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # id fields and map synchronized .", "make sure to keep # fields and map synchronized ."]
["checks the id and then searches for the contact .", "checks the account .", "checks the room and then searches for the contact .", "checks the contact and then searches for the contact .", "checks the then searches for the contact ."]
["getter for # allow all requested headers", "getter for # allow all requested method", "getter for # allow only requested all", "getter for # allow only requested all", "getter for # allow all requested all"]
["return the current head segment .", "return the current head .", "return the current head segment .", "return the current segment segment .", "return the current starting head ."]
["this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same core event needs a new context .", "this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same core needs a new context .", "this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same event needs a new context .", "this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same core event needs a new context .", "this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same core event needs a new context ."]
["creates a sshsession to the given host with extra sets of ssh configurations .", "creates a sshsession to the given host .", "creates a sshsession to the given host with extra returns of ssh configurations .", "creates a sshsession to the given host sets of ssh .", "creates a sshsession to the given host with extra retrieves of ssh configurations ."]
["for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to binary .", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to describe", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to describe .", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to get snapshot .", "for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to describe copy ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the steps of this which are instances", "returns the steps of this which are instances .", "returns the steps of the which are instances", "returns the instances of this which are instances", "returns a steps of this which are instances"]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["sets the value of the cycle option property .", "sets the value of the option property .", "sets the value of the property .", "sets the value of the property option property .", "sets the value of the cycle property ."]
["the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of provider classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of module classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified names of provider classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of classes .", "the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified module names of provider classes ."]
["total runtime size is 22344 bytes", "runtime size is 22344 bytes", "total runtime size is 22344 bytes .", "total runtime size is 22344", "total runtime size is %UNK% bytes"]
["adds a check that the given number is positive .", "adds a returns that the given number is positive .", "returns a check that the given number is positive .", "adds a check that the given null is positive .", "adds the check that the given number is positive ."]
["begin insert after the current line by creating a new blank line below the current line", "begin insert after the current line by creating an blank line below the current line", "begin insert after the current line by creating blank below the current", "begin insert after the current line by blank below the current", "begin insert after the current line by"]
["lookup for multi - operand ( invoke dynamic ) entries .", "lookup for multi - operand ( dynamic dynamic ) entries .", "lookup for multi - operand ( dynamic ) entries .", "lookup for ( invoke dynamic ) entries .", "lookup for multi - operand ( bootstrap dynamic ) entries ."]
["close pool ( s ) being maintained by this datasource .", "pool ( s ) being maintained by this datasource .", "close pool being maintained by this datasource .", "close pool ( s ) being maintained by the datasource .", "close pool ( s ) being maintained by this datasource ."]
["sets the value of the ' dec ' field .", "sets the value of the ' ' field .", "sets the value of the ' java ' field .", "sets the dec of the ' ts ' field .", "sets the value of the ' field ."]
["create new note .", "create note .", "updates new note .", "create note note .", "new note ."]
["sort the given mutable point values reader based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given mutable point values based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given point values reader based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given mutable points point values based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given points point values based on its packed value then doc id ."]
["returns whether this property is a standard member property .", "returns whether this property is a standard property .", "returns whether this property is a standard .", "returns whether this property is the standard member property .", "returns whether the property is a standard member property ."]
["test method for org . infinispan . provider remote cache manager # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) ."]
["maps all index descriptors according to # lock index ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # locked lock ( index descriptor ) .", "lock all index descriptors according to # locked index ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # ( index descriptor ) ."]
["that requires to load all localizations , i . e . , all the files making up the bundle .", "that requires to load all localizations , i . e . , all the files up the bundle", "that requires to load all localizations , e . , all the files making up the bundle .", "that requires to load all localizations . e . , all the files making up the bundle .", "that requires to load all localizations i . e . all the files making up the bundle ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null ."]
["sets the session timeout .", "sets the minimum timeout .", "sets this session timeout .", "sets a session timeout .", "sets the timeout timeout ."]
["included props can be defined only if ignored properties are not defined .", "whitelisted props can be defined only if ignored included are not defined .", "whitelisted included can be defined only if ignored properties are not defined .", "whitelisted props can be defined only if included properties are not defined .", "whitelisted props can be included only if ignored properties are not defined ."]
["returns an adjusted time based on this time .", "returns a time based on this time .", "returns a temporal time based on this time .", "returns a adjusted time based on this time .", "returns an adjusted time ."]
["setter for pattern ' s variable name format .", "setter format .", "setter .", "setter for exception format .", "setter ' s variable name format ."]
["floating point must be non - equal within the default encog tolerance .", "floating point must be within the default encog tolerance .", "point must be non within the default encog tolerance .", "point must be non - equal within the default encog tolerance .", "point must be non the default encog tolerance ."]
["converts a string [ ] into a comma - delimited string .", "converts a string into a comma - delimited string .", "converts a . [ ] into a comma - delimited . .", "converts an string [ ] into a comma - delimited string .", "returns a string [ ] into a comma - delimited string ."]
["provide a mutate ptransform to mutate data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write mutate to write data to a cassandra database .", "mutate a write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write ptransform to write mutate to a cassandra database ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of flux the flux will error ."]
["for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year until ( end year , decades )", "for example , the in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . until ( end year , decades ) .", "for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start until ( end year , decades )", "for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . period until ( end year , decades ) .", "for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . ( end year , decades ) ."]
["subtracts a value that has been seen weight times from the observed values", "subtracts a weight that has been seen n times from the observed values", "subtracts a value that has been seen n times from the observed values", "subtracts a value that has been seen n times from the observed weight", "subtracts a value that has been seen n weight from the observed values"]
["encode a string using the # path set of characters .", "encode a string using the # path _ special set of characters .", "encode a string using the # special _ special set of characters .", "encode a string using the # special set of characters .", "encode a string using the # pathsafe set of characters ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["adds the given element draggable and adds class name .", "sets the given element draggable and adds class name .", "updates the given element draggable and adds class name .", "sets the given element draggable .", "add the given element draggable and adds class name ."]
["constructs a storage shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "constructs a shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "constructs a shared storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "constructs a key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .", "constructs a storage key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service ."]
["if not found , # current token is set to .", "if not found , # token is set to .", "if not found , current token is set to .", "# current token is set to .", "if not found , # find token is set to ."]
["this is useful for adding all of your nodes to the graph before adding edges .", "this is useful for all of your nodes to the graph before edges .", "adding all of your nodes to the graph before adding edges .", "for adding all of your nodes to the graph before adding edges .", "this is useful for adding all of your vertex to the graph before adding edges ."]
["and transfer all those namespace declarations to the current document", "all those namespace declarations to the current document", "and transfer all those namespace declarations to the current document .", "and transfer all those declarations to the current document", "and %UNK% all those namespace declarations to the current document"]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error ."]
["returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the packages ( with version number and for the old way", "returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the packages ( with version number", "returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the packages ( with version number and for the old way", "returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the packages for the old way", "returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the package ( with version number and for the old way"]
["returns the request signing date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed .", "returns the signing request date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed .", "returns the request date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed .", "returns the signing date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed .", "returns request the signing date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed ."]
["resets the analytics collector for a new playlist .", "resets the analytics collector for a new playlist source .", "resets the analytics collector for a new media playlist .", "resets the analytics collector for a new source .", "resets the analytics collector for a new playlist source ."]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives strategy exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully strategy", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle , but then receives strategy exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully strategy"]
["httl . properties : preload = true", "httl . preload : precompiled = true", "httl . properties : precompiled preload true", "httl . properties : precompiled = preload", "preload . properties : precompiled = true"]
["group : transfer", "group : transfer exception", "group : exception", "group : %UNK%", "group : producer"]
["process workflows to purge them and their children .", "find workflows to purge them and their children .", "process to purge them and their children .", "process workflows to purge them .", "process workflows to find them and their children ."]
["note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned data is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux buffer is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the flux mono is subscribed to .", "note that the writing process does not start until the returned flux is subscribed to ."]
["queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search for the given query string .", "create this search source for the given query string .", "queries this create source for the given query string .", "queries this create for the given query string ."]
["if label = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if label filter = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter = \" \\ 0 \" , settings without any label are returned .", "0 , settings without any label are returned .", "0 settings without any label are returned ."]
["sets the trim mark on this endpoint ' s log unit .", "sets the trim mark on this endpoint ' s log unit", "sets the trim mark on this endpoint ' s log unit and also perform a prefix trim .", "sets the trim mark on this endpoint ' s log also perform a prefix trim .", "sets mark on this endpoint ' s log unit and also perform a prefix trim ."]
["this function assumes the block at the given index is cached for the given size .", "this function assumes the block is cached for the given size .", "this function assumes the block at index is cached for given size .", "this function assumes the block index is cached for given size .", "this function assumes the block index is cached for the given ."]
["add classpath elements from an object obtained from reflection .", "add classpath elements from an object obtained from reflection .", "add classpath entry from an object obtained from reflection .", "add classpath entries from an object obtained from reflection .", "add entry elements from an object obtained from reflection ."]
["prevents access to all members of given class .", "prevents access to the public members of given class .", "prevents access to all public members of given access .", "prevents access to all deny members of given class .", "deny access to all public members of given class ."]
["parse an xls into a list of imported spreadsheet objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of imported row objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of spreadsheet grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of imported grade spreadsheet note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a spreadsheet of imported grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported ."]
["copy all schema concept labels to current keyspace cache", "copy all schema concept to current keyspace cache", "copy all schema concepts to current concept labels cache", "copy all concept labels concepts to current keyspace cache", "copy all schema concepts to current keyspace concept labels"]
["action triggered when the execution of this node is skipped .", "triggered when the execution of this node is skipped .", "experimental triggered when the execution of this node is skipped .", "test action triggered when the execution of this node is skipped .", "action triggered when the execution of this experimental is skipped ."]
["calls to this method on versions of android less than p are ignored .", "calls to this method on versions of android less than are ignored .", "calls to this method on versions of less than p are ignored .", "calls to this method on versions of compat less than p are ignored .", "calls to this method on versions of android less than compat are ignored ."]
["it only runs when the vmthreads # mutex is held ( or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) .", "it only runs when the vmthreads # thread mutex is held ( or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) .", "it only runs when the vmthreads _ mutex is held ( or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) .", "it only runs when the vmthreads # thread _ mutex is held ( or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) .", "it only runs when the vmthreads # thread _ mutex is held or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) ."]
["convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception .", "convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception ."]
["creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table using the factory default metric dataset factory", "creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table using the factory default metric dataset factory .", "creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table", "creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table", "creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table using the factory default metric dataset factory factory ."]
["returns a vector of all mu action instances matching the specified id .", "returns a vector of all mu action instances matching the specified string .", "returns a vector of all mu id instances matching the specified class .", "returns a vector of all action instances matching the specified class .", "returns a vector of all mu action instances matching the specified action ."]
["this will return the secret secret with value included of its latest version .", "this will return the properties of secret secret with value included of its latest version .", "this will return the secret secret with value included of its properties version .", "this will return the properties secret secret with value included of its latest version .", "this will return the secrets secret with value included of its latest version ."]
["adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified request from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified uninstall from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job job queue to remove the extension from the specified ."]
["loads ifile , dfile and index summary , and optionally recreates the bloom filter .", "loads ifile , dfile and index summary .", "loads ifile , dfile summary , and optionally recreates the bloom filter .", "loads ifile , dfile index summary , .", "returns ifile , dfile and index summary , and optionally recreates the bloom filter ."]
["decode the com . mongodb . document and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null", "decode the com . mongodb . document and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null", "decode the com . mongodb . and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null", "decode the com . mongodb . class and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null", "decode the com . mongodb . longs and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null"]
["gets the path from a full file name , which excludes the prefix .", "gets the path from a full file , which excludes the prefix .", "gets the path from a full name , which excludes the prefix .", "gets the path from a file name filename , which excludes the prefix .", "gets the path from a full file name , which excludes the prefix ."]
["adds a urls to the watch list .", "adds a bundle to the watch urls .", "adds a bundle to the watch list .", "adds a bundle to the urls .", "adds an urls to the watch list ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["sets the value of the ' public ports ' field", "sets the value of the ' public ' field", "sets the value of the ' public port ' field", "sets the value of the ' public ports ' field", "sets the value of the ' ports port ' field"]
["copies a form with the given file name from the assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded by form loader task .", "copies a with the given file name from the assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded by form loader task", "copies a form with the given file name from the assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded form loader task .", "copies a form with the given file name assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded by form loader task .", "copies a form with the given file name from the assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded form loader task ."]
["this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .", "this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified properties of versions .", "this will return the properties of secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .", "this will return the properties secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .", "this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified properties versions ."]
["tests recommend ( long , int , set , set ) .", "tests global recommend ( long , int ) .", "tests related ( long , int , set , set ) .", "tests global recommend ( long , int , set .", "tests global recommend ( long , related , set , set ) ."]
["setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media null ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set source sources ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set null sources ( media source . . . ) .", "setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set source sources ( source source . . . ) ."]
["verifies that hudson is sending 403 .", "verifies that hudson is sending first .", "verifies is sending 403 first .", "verifies that web is sending 403 first .", "verifies that anonymous is sending 403 first ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when some files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # context consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency context ) method when some files are consistent .", "tests the file system master consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent .", "tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency ) method when some files are consistent ."]
["synchronize with the transport .", "synchronize with the transport thread .", "synchronize with the sync thread .", "sync with the transport thread .", "synchronize with the transport sync ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of three iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of three comprehension option .", "creates a for - option of three iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of three option ."]
["returns the search index with the given name .", "returns the search index configured .", "returns the search index configured with the given index .", "gets the search index configured with the given name .", "returns the search index index with the given name ."]
["adds tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "adds tags for the specified namespaced entity .", "adds tags for the specified metadata entity .", "adds metadata for the specified namespaced entity id .", "adds tags for the specified metadata id ."]
["group : common", "group : %UNK%", "group : common advanced", "group :", "group"]
["get generated getters for an avro - generated specific record .", "get generated getters for an avro - generated .", "get generated getters for an avro - generated", "get generated getters for an avro - generated record .", "get generated getters for an avro - generated value ."]
["returns the length of the attribute list that begins with this attribute .", "returns the attribute of the attribute list that begins with this attribute .", "returns the length attribute list that begins with this attribute .", "returns the length of the attribute attribute that begins with this attribute .", "returns the length of the attribute attribute list that begins with this attribute ."]
["escape database name name depending of the database engine .", "escape database name depending of the database engine .", "escape database name depending of the database engine .", "escape database depending of the database engine .", "escape name name depending of the database engine ."]
["checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to qualified that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a qualified class to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks an name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .", "checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type qualified ."]
["returns the channel parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay channel .", "set the channel parameter for the cluster log replay channel .", "set the state parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay state .", "set the channel parameter for the cluster log .", "returns the cluster log and snapshot replay channel ."]
["creates a real propagator to propagate one or more continuous functions , separated with semi - colon \" ; \"", "creates a real propagator to propagate one or more continuous variable , separated with semi - colon \" ; \"", "creates a propagator to propagate one or more continuous functions , separated with semi \" ; \"", "creates a real propagator to propagate one or more continuous functions , separated with variable - colon \" ; \"", "creates an propagator to propagate one or more continuous functions , separated with semi - colon \" ; \""]
["returns the names of the output parameter .", "returns the output parameter .", "returns the list of the output parameter .", "returns the name of the output parameter .", "returns the output parameter ."]
["update the address of this connection ' s peer .", "returns the address of this connection ' s peer .", "updates the address of this connection ' s peer .", "get the address of this connection ' s peer .", "set the address of this connection ' s peer ."]
["get the minimum log tail from all log units .", "get the minimum tail from all log units .", "get the committed log tail from all log units .", "get the minimum committed tail from all units .", "returns the minimum committed log tail from all log units ."]
["retrieves the default value of a parameter", "retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise returns null", "retrieves the default optional of a parameter , or otherwise returns null", "retrieves the value of a parameter , or otherwise returns null", "retrieves the optional value of a parameter , or otherwise returns null"]
["gets the value if it is a valid or an value calculated from the errors", "gets the value if it is a valid or an value calculated from the error", "gets the value if it is a valid or an value calculated from the error .", "gets the value if it is a valid", "gets the value if it is a valid or an value calculated from the function"]
["prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding type predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate in the map .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding handler type predicate in the map ."]
["adds an actor as a child of this group , at a specific index .", "adds a as a child of this group , at a specific index .", "adds an actor as a child of the group , at a specific index .", "adds an parent actor as a child of this group , at a specific index .", "adds an actor as a child of this actor , at a specific index ."]
["translates type names to resource locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on resource path but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names .", "translates type names to resource locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on resource location but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names .", "translates type names to path locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on path location but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names .", "translates type names to resource locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on resource path but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names .", "translates type names to resource locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on path but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names ."]
["create a new data source from event dao .", "create a new event source from event dao .", "create a new data from event dao .", "create a new stream source from event dao .", "create a new data source from dao ."]
["return a copy of this that is set inactive .", "returns a copy of this that is set inactive", "return a with of this that is set inactive", "return a copy of this that is set state", "return a copy of this that is set with"]
["returns the bar with the primary key or throws a no such bar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the bar with the primary key liferay . testtransaction . no such bar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the bar with the primary key or throws a testtransaction no such bar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the bar with the primary key . testtransaction . no such bar exception if it could not be found .", "returns the bar with the primary key or throws testtransaction . no such bar exception if it could not be found ."]
["finds the list of virtual hosts that contains the specified http service .", "finds the list of http virtual hosts that contains the specified service .", "finds the list of virtual hosts that contains the specified service .", "finds the list of virtual hosts that contains the specified http .", "finds the list of hosts that contains the specified service ."]
["in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from january to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid .", "in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid .", "in cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from january to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid .", "in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from saves to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid .", "in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from january temporal to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and string ."]
["you want # get offset in section ( ) .", "get offset in section ( ) .", "probably you want # get offset in ( ) .", "# get offset in section ( ) .", "you want # get in section ( ) ."]
["the potential status codes .", "the potential status .", "the potential codes codes .", "the status codes errors .", "the potential status codes ."]
["creates an entity and populates its state based on the document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the document document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db document given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the document object given .", "creates an entity and populates its state based on the db document given ."]
["get the zoned date that this token was created", "get the zoned date time that this token was created", "get the time that this token was created", "get the zoned that this token was created", "get the date that this token was created"]
["gets the filter for items to fetch .", "gets the optional for items to fetch .", "gets the f for items to fetch .", "gets the optional filter for items to fetch .", "gets the optional for filter to fetch ."]
["decorates services whose route matches the specified pattern .", "services whose route matches the specified path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the path pattern .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified virtual pattern .", "route matches the specified path pattern ."]
["returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a calendar no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of 5 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 5 comprehension option .", "creates a for - option of 5 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 5 option ."]
["helper method to check if we should do gcm topic request .", "helper method to check if we should do gcm fcmtopic request .", "helper method to check if we should do gcm topic fcmtopic .", "helper method to check if we should do fcmtopic topic request .", "method to check if we should do gcm topic request ."]
["reverses the order of all elements in the given index .", "reverses the order of all index in the given interval .", "reverses the index of all elements in the given interval .", "reverses the order of all elements in the given length .", "reverses the length of all elements in the given interval ."]
["for more information about the vault locking process ,", "for more information about the vault locking process , see amazon kinesis limits .", "for more information about the vault locking process , see amazon kinesis .", "for more information about the vault locking process , see managing process .", "for more information about the vault locking process , see managing apps ."]
["this test validates that connecting to a service url does not work .", "this test validates that connecting to a get service url does not work .", "this test validates that connecting to a url does not work .", "this test validates that connecting to a get service does not work .", "this test validates that connecting to an service url does not work ."]
["supports a \" site id \" request parameter , defaulting to \" default \" for the default update site .", "supports the \" site id \" request parameter , defaulting to \" default \" for the default update site .", "supports site id \" request parameter , defaulting to \" default \" for the default update site .", "supports a id request parameter , defaulting to \" default \" for the default update site .", "supports a site id request parameter , defaulting to default \" for the default update site ."]
["returns the string representation of this dimension .", "returns a string representation of this dimension .", "gets the string representation of this dimension .", "returns the string representation of this dimension .", "returns the string representation of the dimension ."]
["sets the point at which content is truncated .", "set the point .", "set the at which content is truncated .", "set which content is truncated .", "set content is truncated ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["shortcut for rdfparser . create . string ( reader ) .", "shortcut for rdfparser . create . from string ( reader ) .", "shortcut for rdfparser . create . source ( string ) .", "shortcut for rdfparser . create . from ( reader ) .", "shortcut for rdfparser . create . source ( from string ) ."]
["add a result file to the results", "add an result file to the results", "add a result file", "add a file to the results", "add a group file to the results"]
["if they only have the same name , they are considered to be two inheritances of the same ( or at least compatible ) declarations , and there is only a warning .", "if they only have the same name , they are considered to be two inheritances of the same declarations , and there is only a warning .", "if they only have the same name , they are considered to be two inheritances of the same ) declarations , and there is only a warning .", "they are considered to be two inheritances of the same ( or at least compatible ) declarations , and there is only a warning .", "if they only have the same name , they are considered to be two inheritances of the same at declarations , and there is only a warning ."]
["turns this reactive seq into a connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this seq into a hot connectable , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .", "turns this reactive seq into a connectable stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data ."]
["get the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get a content of this element .", "gets the content of this element .", "get the content ."]
["this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "key : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance .", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this key"]
["set the web socket deflate compression level .", "set the websocket deflate web socket level .", "set the deflate compression web socket .", "web socket the websocket deflate compression level .", "set the web socket compression level ."]
["returns writers that support specific types .", "return writers that support specific types .", "writers that support specific types .", "return rawtypes that support specific types .", "return writers ."]
["modified by user info", "by user info", "modified", "modified info", "modified by info"]
["is the value with this qualifier less than or equal to the length of sequence ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than or equal to the length ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than or equal to the length of sequence ?", "is the value with this qualifier sequence than or equal to the length of array ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than or equal to the sequence of array ?"]
["checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been normalized .", "checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been file .", "checks whether two file are equal after both have been normalized .", "checks whether two filenames are file after both have been normalized .", "checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been file name1 ."]
["the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples verb form per line .", "the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples per line .", "the file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .", "separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line ."]
["effects : the keypair is set .", "effects : the keypair is set .", "# # effects : .", "# # # effects : the keypair is sets .", "# effects : the keypair is set ."]
["it will emit the current object when subscribed to .", "it will emit the object when subscribed to .", "it will emit the current observable when subscribed to .", "it will emit the current object when observable to .", "it will emit a current object when subscribed to ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get the barline that starts the part .", "get the barline part that starts the part .", "gets the barline that starts the part .", "get the barline that gets the part .", "get the barline ."]
["( see # is google account )", "( see # is google type )", "( see # is account type filter )", "( see # is account type )", "( see # is writable google account )"]
["configure the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "returns the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "set the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .", "configure the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to name messages based on their headers .", "configure a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers ."]
["test of length method , of class gamma .", "test of method , of class gamma .", "test of npara method , of class gamma .", "test of method , length class gamma .", "test length npara method , of class gamma ."]
["populate a new mutable extension registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element .", "populate a new extension registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element .", "populate a registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element .", "populate a new mutable extension registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element .", "populate a new mutable <INSERT_END> registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["finds the name column by name .", "finds the dimension by name column .", "finds the dimension column by name .", "finds the dimension .", "finds the dimension by dimension column ."]
["set \" global \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" configuration \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" global \" cors configuration based on configuration patterns .", "sets \" global \" cors configuration based on url patterns .", "set \" global \" configuration configuration based on url patterns ."]
["if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration current configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .", "if options is null , then all the configuration their configuration configuration settings are fetched with their current values ."]
["package name to the new name .", "map name to the new name .", "map package name .", "map package name to new name .", "name package name to the new name ."]
["if the node has a valid location , this one is used .", "if the astnode has a valid location , this one is used .", "if the has a valid location , this one is used .", "if the astnode has a node location , this one is used .", "if the astnode has a location , this one is used ."]
["the meta - property for the payment property .", "the meta - property for the payment payment property .", "the meta - property for the payment payment .", "the meta - property for the payment property .", "the meta - property for the payment payment property ."]
["returns estimated number of buffered items .", "returns estimated number of buffered items , or - 1 if disabled .", "returns estimated number of buffered items , .", "returns estimated number of buffered items , or - 1 if lag .", "returns estimated number of buffered items , or - 1 if %UNK% ."]
["gets the amount of damage caused by the event", "gets the amount of damage caused", "returns the amount of damage caused by the event", "get the amount of damage caused by the event", "gets the amount of damage caused by the event ."]
["returns the component ' s source", "returns the component ' s consumer", "returns the source ' s tokenizer", "returns the component ' source tokenizer", "returns the consumer ' s tokenizer"]
["this is the example used in index setting impl .", "this is the example used in index .", "this is the example used in index index impl .", "this is the example used in index %UNK% .", "this is the example used in index setting impl ."]
["the xpath node set is treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "xpath nodes , not as a list of .", "list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "is treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees ."]
["create sslcontext using sslconnection defaults .", "create sslcontext .", "create sslconnection using system defaults .", "create sslcontext using sslconnection socket defaults .", "returns sslcontext using system defaults ."]
["unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( string , zoo keeper , list )", "unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( string , zoo keeper list )", "unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( string , zoo keeper list )", "unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( , zoo keeper accessor , list )", "unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( string , zoo keeper , list )"]
["convenience method to input tree from file", "convenience method to load stream from file", "convenience method to input stream tree from file", "convenience method to load input from file", "convenience method to stream tree from file"]
["otherwise must be logged to use .", "must be logged to adds .", "must be logged to request .", "must be not logged to use .", "must be logged to use the ."]
["if label filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if label = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if filter = \" \" , settings with any label are returned .", "if labels = \" \" , label filter with any label are returned ."]
["an accurate sync method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results .", "an accurate method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results .", "an sync method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results .", "an accurate sync method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results .", "an sync sync method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results ."]
["adds all camera capture session . state callback callbacks .", "adds the camera capture session . state callback callbacks .", "adds all capture camera capture session . state callback callbacks .", "adds all m camera capture session . state callback callbacks .", "adds an all camera capture session . state callback callbacks ."]
["removes whitespace and does a fail - fast if a non - java identifier is found", "removes whitespace and does a fail - fast if a", "removes and does a fail - fast if a non - java identifier is found", "removes whitespace and does a fail - fast if a identifier is found", "removes whitespace fast if a non - is found"]
["incremental values ( ex .", "incremental values .", "incremental values", "incremental values ( .", "incremental values"]
["sort the given mutable points reader based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given mutable points reader values based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given point points reader based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given mutable points reader based on its packed value then doc id .", "sort the given points reader values based on its packed value then doc id ."]
["a is built when the jar is created .", "a is built .", "the is built when the jar is created .", "a is built when a jar is created .", "built when the jar is created ."]
["assign the current screen point , where the dragged image is to be displayed", "assign the current point , where the dragged image is to be displayed", "assign the current point , where the dragged image is to be displayed .", "assign the current screen . point , where the dragged image is to be displayed", "assign the current point , where the dragged image is to be point ."]
["params , request type and options defaults to null .", "params , request type and options defaults .", "params , request type defaults to null .", "params , request type and options defaults to .", "params request type and defaults to null ."]
["returns the parameter value from the http request or the value provided by the supplier", "returns the parameter value from the http request", "returns the parameter value from the http request", "returns the parameter value from the http request or the value provided by the integer", "returns the parameter value from the http integer or the value provided by the supplier"]
["returns the empty for keys ( or for primitive types ) .", "returns the empty ( or for primitive types ) .", "returns the value for keys ( or for primitive types ) .", "returns the keys ( or for primitive types ) .", "returns the empty keys ( or for primitive types ) ."]
["fetch the given user ' s list of loved albums", "fetch the given loved ' s list of starred albums", "fetch the given user ' s list of starred loved", "fetch the given user ' s list of loved", "fetch the given user ' s list of %UNK% albums"]
["converts duration into flink time .", "converts duration duration into flink time .", "converts time duration into flink time .", "converts to duration into flink time .", "converts flink time ."]
["collect capabilities of an index .", "capabilities of an index .", "collect capabilities of a .", "collect capabilities of a index .", "collect capabilities of a index ."]
["attempts to read the next ihawrite message and then the expected buffer , that is read into the client buffer .", "attempts to read the ihawrite message and then the expected buffer , that is read into the client buffer .", "attempts to read the next ihawrite message and then the expected buffer .", "attempts to read the next ihawrite message the expected buffer , that .", "attempts to read the next ihawrite message that is read into the client buffer ."]
["add in methods from the interfaces .", "add in methods from all interfaces .", "adds in methods from all interfaces .", "add methods from .", "add in map from all interfaces ."]
["we have the same file saved for publisher 98 , publisher 2000 and publisher 2007 .", "we have the same file saved for publisher 98 , publisher 2000 2007 .", "we have the same input saved for publisher 98 , publisher 2000 and publisher 2007 .", "we have the same file saved for publisher 98 2000 and publisher 2007 .", "we have the same file saved for publisher 98 publisher 2007 ."]
["test of create classic modified padding method , of class short padding generator .", "test of create classic modified padding method , of class padding generator .", "test of test classic modified padding method , of class short padding generator .", "test of create classic modified padding method , of class", "test of create classic modified padding method , of class generator"]
["checks if the properties contains the given key .", "checks if the properties contains the key .", "checks if the properties contains the given property key .", "checks if the properties contains the given key .", "checks if the key contains the given key ."]
["sets gap between menu icon and split part sides", "sets gap between menu icon and menu part sides", "sets gap between menu icon and menu part sides", "sets gap icon and split part sides", "sets gap between menu icon part sides"]
["for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see gateway kinesis .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see gateway .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see gateway kinesis limits .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see managing resource .", "for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see managing amazon kinesis ."]
["specialized registration method for registering a named template for functions expecting zero arguments .", "registration method for registering a named template for functions expecting zero arguments .", "the specialized registration method for registering a named template for functions expecting zero arguments .", "specialized registration method for registering a named template expecting zero .", "specialized registration method for registering a named template arguments ."]
["the reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the context lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the reference reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the context reference lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .", "the lookup lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class ."]
["write image data to the given file node and set checksum .", "write image data to the given node set checksum and", "write image data to the given file node and set checksum .", "write image data to the given file set checksum and", "write image data to the given file node checksum and size ."]
["applies a publisher function transforming a stream of core event ' s .", "applies a publisher function transforming a stream of event ' s .", "applies a publisher function transforming a stream of core event ' s .", "applies a publisher function transforming a stream of base event ' s .", "applies a publisher function transforming a stream of event ' s ."]
["blobstore entries first detected less than nimbus _ topology _ blobstore _ deletion _ delay _ ms ago are ignored .", "blobstore entries first detected less than topology _ blobstore _ deletion _ delay _ ms ago are ignored .", "blobstore entries first detected less than nimbus _ topology _ blobstore _ deletion _ delay _ ms are ignored .", "blobstore entries first detected less than nimbus _ topology _ blobstore _ deletion _ delay ago are ignored .", "blobstore entries first detected less than nimbus topology blobstore deletion delay ms ago are ignored ."]
["called for every component when the page is getting to be rendered .", "called for component when the page is getting to be rendered .", "called for every optional when the page is getting to be rendered .", "called for every component when the optional is getting to be rendered .", "called for a component when the page is getting to be rendered ."]
["gets the name of the split associated with specified cache", "gets the name of the split brain protection associated with specified cache", "gets the name of the split brain associated with specified cache", "gets the name of the brain brain protection associated with specified cache", "gets the name of split associated with specified cache"]
["methods with transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in a separate thread .", "methods with transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in a separate thread", "with transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in a separate thread", "transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in", "observer methods with transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in a separate ."]
["called when a track has been selected .", "called when the track has been selected .", "called when an track has been selected .", "called when a library has been selected .", "called when an has been selected ."]
["` deprecated ` : maximal amount of files to upload", "` maximal amount of files to upload", "` : maximal amount of files to upload", "` [ ` : maximal amount of files to upload", "` 0 amount of files to upload"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the wms layer used by this layer", "returns the wmslayers layer used by this layer", "returns the reader layer used by this layer", "returns the layers layer used by this layer", "returns the wms layer used by this layer ."]
["set auftrag .", "set rabatt .", "set mahnung .", "set fenster .", "set zahlung ."]
["now performs a deep copy of the classifier before each call to build classifier ( ) ( just in case the classifier is not initialized properly ) .", "now performs a deep copy of the classifier before each call to build classifier ( ) ( just in case the classifier is not initialized properly ) .", "now performs a deep copy of the classifier before each call to ( ) ( just in case the classifier is not initialized properly ) .", "now performs a deep copy of before each call to build classifier ( ) ( just in case classifier is not initialized properly ) .", "now performs a deep copy classifier before each call to build classifier ( ) ( just in case the classifier is not initialized properly ) ."]
["function source ( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ 1 ] ; ( 49 )", "source ( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ 1 ] ; ( 49 )", "function source ( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ ] ; ( 49 )", "function source ( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ %UNK% ] ; ( 49 )", "( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ 1 ] ; ( 49 )"]
["if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add additional prime factors to the primes array .", "if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add prime factors to the primes array .", "if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add prime prime factors to the primes array .", "if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add additional prime factors to the prime array .", "if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add additional prime factors to the primes prime ."]
["sets the query to match configuration setting # get label ( ) label filter in the service .", "sets the query to match configuration setting # get label ( ) label in the service .", "sets the query to match configuration setting # get label filter ( ) labels in the service .", "sets the query to match configuration setting # get label ( ) labels in the service .", "sets the query to match label setting # get label ( ) labels in the service ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add configuration setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . setting # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add add configuration # string - string - string", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration add configuration . add setting # string - string - string"]
["computes the first order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a double by finite difference .", "computes the order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a double by finite difference .", "computes the first order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a credit by finite difference .", "computes the first order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a currency by finite difference .", "returns the first order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a double by finite difference ."]
["test partition awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity partition sql cache size property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness sql cache partition property with semicolon .", "test affinity awareness partition cache size property with semicolon ."]
["short - cut for building a named template via # named descriptor builder specifying zero arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults .", "short - cut for building the named template via # named descriptor builder specifying zero arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults .", "short - cut for building a named template via # named descriptor builder specifying name arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults .", "short - cut for building an named template via # named descriptor builder specifying zero arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults .", "for building a named template via # named descriptor builder specifying zero arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults ."]
["any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the indexed or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent of other"]
["a file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "a file exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "an transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :", "a transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :"]
["non - linear refinement is recommended , even before bundle adjustment .", "non - linear refinement is recommended .", "refinement is recommended , even before bundle adjustment .", "non - linear refinement is recommended before bundle adjustment .", "non - linear refinement is recommended , even before p1 adjustment ."]
["for a provided domain item , find the range item that leads to optimal config .", "for a provided domain item , find the that leads to optimal config .", "for a domain item , find the range item that leads to optimal config .", "for a provided domain item , find the item that leads to optimal config .", "for a provided domain item , find the that leads to optimal config ."]
["in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniondc ) .", "in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( rotate ) ."]
["adds rows to destination for each row in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each", "adds rows to destination for each rows in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each", "adds rows to destination for each size in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each", "adds rows to destination for each ignore in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each", "adds rows to destination for each row rows in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each"]
["two objects are considered object if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0", "two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0", "two objects are considered if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0", "two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( object ) ! = 0", "two objects are object different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0"]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos flux will error ."]
["returns the hash code of this charset .", "gets the hash code of this code .", "gets the hash code of this charset .", "gets the code of this charset .", "gets the code code of this charset ."]
["set tab .", "set sub .", "set bestellmenge .", "set merkmal .", "set untergruppe ."]
["sets the drm callback to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling drm for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling callback for media .", "sets the callback provider to use when handling callback for media .", "sets the media drm callback to use when handling drm for media ."]
["creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a new block blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "returns a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob ."]
["creates source for the given source string .", "creates for the given string .", "creates query for the given query .", "creates query for the given query source .", "returns query for the given query string ."]
["reads a module - info . class from the given byte buffer but ignore the hashes attribute .", "reads a module - info . class from the given buffer but ignore the hashes attribute .", "reads a module - info . class from the given byte buffer", "reads a module - info . class from the given byte buffer .", "reads a module - info . byte from the given byte buffer but ignore the hashes attribute ."]
["tests that adding a @ js ignore annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well .", "tests that adding a @ ignore annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well .", "tests that adding a js ignore annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well .", "tests that adding a @ js no ignore annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well .", "tests that adding a @ ignore annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well ."]
["gets the next crawl .", "gets the next next .", "gets the next crawl crawl .", "gets the next next crawl .", "gets the next ."]
["same as s . substring ( 0 , len ) except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair .", "same as substring ( 0 , len ) except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair .", "same as s . char ( 0 , len ) except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair .", "same as s . substring except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair .", "same as s . substring ( char , len ) except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair ."]
["checks command cancellation detection", "checks command detection", "checks command cancellation", "checks command cancellation test", "checks command cancellation %UNK%"]
["binds the specified service .", "http the specified service at the specified route .", "binds the specified http at the specified route .", "binds the specified http service at the specified http route .", "binds http the specified service at the specified route ."]
["get the purged gtid values from my sql ( gtid _ purged value )", "get the purged gtid values from my sql _ purged", "get the purged gtid values from my sql", "returns the purged gtid values from my sql ( gtid _ purged value )", "get the purged gtid values from my sql ( gtid value )"]
["gets the value of the description property .", "gets the value short description property .", "gets the value of the description property .", "gets the value of the short description property .", "gets the value of the description property ."]
["parse an xls into a list of imported spreadsheet objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of imported row objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of spreadsheet grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a list of imported grade spreadsheet note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .", "parse an xls into a spreadsheet of imported grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported ."]
["converts the given objects into a map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array .", "converts the given objects into an map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array .", "converts the given objects into the map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array .", "converts the given objects into a given map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array .", "converts the given objects into a public map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array ."]
["75 % of percentile are greater ) .", "75 % of number are greater ) .", "75 of elements are greater ) .", "75 % of list are greater ) .", "75 % of elements are greater ) ."]
["helper method for firing a ' value ' event .", "helper method for firing a changed ' event .", "helper method for firing a ' event .", "helper method for firing the ' value changed ' event .", "helper method for firing an ' value changed ' event ."]
["sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq using the broker", "sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq using the", "sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq", "sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq using the custom", "sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq using the open"]
["if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .", "if one param float , the other converted to a float .", "the other is converted to a float .", "if one a float , the other converted to a float .", "other is converted to a float ."]
["this call is equivalent to calling in interpreter ( ) | | in low grade ( ) .", "this call is equivalent to calling in grade ( ) | | in low tier ( ) .", "this call is equivalent to calling in interpreter ( ) | | in low grade ( ) .", "this call is equivalent to calling in interpreter ( ) | | in grade tier ( ) .", "this call is equivalent to calling in interpreter ( ) | | in low tier ( ) ."]
["parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market input stream .", "parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .", "parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market input .", "parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market stream .", "parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market input stream is ."]
["neural a new instance .", "fit a new instance .", "gas a new instance .", "neural gas a new instance .", "cluster a new neural ."]
["the modification statement defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row .", "the insert statement defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row .", "the statement defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row .", "the insert defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row .", "the insert modification defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row ."]
["determines if the reachability of this object corresponds with the validity of the referenced machine code .", "determines if the entry of this object corresponds with the validity of the referenced machine code .", "determines if the point of this object corresponds with the validity of the referenced machine code .", "returns if the reachability of this object corresponds with the validity of the referenced machine code .", "of this object of the referenced sole execution ."]
["this value will be used .", "not explicitly configured with an annotation , this value will be used .", "with an annotation , this value will be used .", ", this value will be used .", "annotation , this value will be used ."]
["group : %UNK%", "group : map", "group : configuration", "group : producer", "map : producer"]
["writes a file into the specified application directory and attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the application .", "writes the specified application directory and attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the application .", "writes a into the specified application directory and attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the application .", "writes a file into the specified and attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the .", "writes attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the application ."]
["checks if a given string is a valid twitch url ( ie , one that will display \" streaming \" on the discord client ) .", "checks if a given string is a valid url ( ie , one that will display \" streaming \" on the discord client ) .", "checks if a given string is a twitch url ( ie , one that will display \" streaming \" on the discord client ) .", "checks if a given string is a valid twitch url streaming \" on the discord client ) .", "checks if a given string is a valid twitch url one that will display \" streaming \" on the discord client ) ."]
["re - loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .", "scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .", "re - loaded scripts need to have their - applied .", "loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints applied .", "re scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied ."]
["in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the preferred locale in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the language in the ums settings is returned .", "in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums locale is returned .", "in that locale the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned ."]
["creates an identifier for an etd future instrument .", "creates a for an etd future instrument .", "creates an etd future instrument .", "creates an identifier for a future instrument .", "returns an identifier for an etd future instrument ."]
["set the type .", "set node type .", "set type .", "sets the node type .", "set the node type ."]
["this method fetches the related content from related content table and assigns them to the corresponding upload field , if any is present in the form definition .", "this method fetches the variable content from variable content table and assigns them to the corresponding upload field , if any is present in the form definition .", "this method fetches the related content from related content table and assigns them to the corresponding upload variable , if any is present in the form definition .", "this method fetches the related content from related content table and assigns them to the corresponding variable field , if any is present in the form definition .", "this method fetches the related variable from related variable table and assigns them to the corresponding upload field , if any is present in the form definition ."]
["queries the min len checker to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree .", "integer the min len checker to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree .", "queries the integer len checker to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree .", "queries the min len to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree .", "queries the min integer checker to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree ."]
["this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the difference difference between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect and the border .", "this will set the between the annotations \" outer \" rectangle defined by / rect the border ."]
["parses the - - add - add command line option and returns the package export definitions in the form of an imodule .", "parses the - - add - exports command line option and returns the add export definitions in the form of an imodule .", "parses the - - add - exports command line option export definitions in the form .", "parses the - - add - exports add line option and returns the package export definitions in the form of an imodule .", "parses the - - add - exports command line option and returns the package export add in the form of an imodule ."]
["returns child id .", "returns style id .", "returns id style id .", "returns child style id .", "returns child style id ."]
["test partition awareness partition distributions cache size property .", "test awareness partition distributions cache size property .", "test affinity partition partition distributions cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition partition cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property ."]
["helper to report change details .", "helper to string change details .", "report to print change details .", "append to print change details .", "helper to append change details ."]
["sets the additional portfolio information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the portfolio trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the additional item information , defaulted to an empty instance .", "sets the additional portfolio item information , defaulted to an empty instance ."]
["analyzes the provided query string and returns a space concatenation of the analyzed tokens .", "analyzes the provided query string .", "concat the provided query string and returns a space concatenation of the analyzed tokens .", "analyzes the provided query string and returns a concat concatenation of the analyzed tokens .", "analyzes the query string and returns a space concatenation of the analyzed tokens ."]
["any metadata for the dialog node .", "the metadata for the dialog node .", "an metadata for the dialog node .", "a metadata for the dialog node .", "metadata for the dialog node ."]
["report whether the repository global has been allocated .", "report whether the global instance has been allocated .", "report whether the instance has been allocated .", "report whether the repository instance has been allocated .", "report whether the repository instance has been allocated ."]
["decode an action profile group with members information to a pi profile action group .", "decode an action profile group with members information to a profile profile action group .", "decode an action pi profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode a profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group .", "decode an profile action profile group with members information to a pi action group ."]
["returns a offset date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a date - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a offset - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a zoned offset - time formed from this date at the specified time .", "returns a of date - time formed from this date at the specified time ."]
["creates a worker to local execute single pending task .", "creates a worker to execute single pending local task .", "creates a local worker to execute single pending task .", "creates a worker to execute local pending task .", "creates a worker to local single pending task ."]
["returns an immutable map containing ten mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing ten mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing ten mappings .", "returns a map containing ten mappings .", "returns an map containing ten mappings ."]
["returns the primitive name for the primitive .", "returns the name for the primitive .", "returns the name .", "returns the name id for the name .", "returns the name primitive ."]
["the default value .", "the default value must be null .", "the default value must not be .", "the default value not .", "the default value must not null ."]
["return the result .", "return the result stepresult .", "return the result hierarchy .", "return the result result .", "return the result object ."]
["returns the member request with the primary key or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "returns the member request with the primary key or throws a . no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "returns the member request with the primary key or throws a no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "returns the member request with the primary key liferay . so . no such member request exception if it could not be found .", "returns the member request with the primary key or throws a so no such member request exception if it could not be found ."]
["gets the volatilities name on which the underlying future fixes .", "gets the future on which the underlying future fixes .", "gets the future name on which the underlying future fixes .", "gets the volatilities option on which the underlying future fixes .", "gets the volatilities the underlying future fixes ."]
["wal2json plugin include toasted column in the update", "wal2json plugin pgoutput include toasted column in", "wal2json plugin nor pgoutput include toasted column", "wal2json plugin nor pgoutput include toasted column in the update", "wal2json plugin nor pgoutput include toasted column in"]
["gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for root component # ambari _ server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # root component _ server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari root component server .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari _ root component .", "gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for root # ambari _ server ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given external source <UPDATE_END> authority name param", "this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given authority name param"]
["but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "but that is okay because # construct state ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the collection state over this map .", "# construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map ."]
["decorates all services with the specified http decorating service function .", "decorates all services with the specified specified http service function .", "decorates all services with the specified decorating http service function .", "decorates all services with the specified service function .", "decorates all services with the specified decorating decorating http function ."]
["a hook allowing a subclass to populate the \" names \" field in the sourcemap .", "a subclass to populate the \" names \" field in the sourcemap .", "a hook allowing a subclass to returns the \" names \" field in the sourcemap .", "populate the \" names \" field in the sourcemap .", "a source allowing a subclass to populate the \" names \" field in the sourcemap ."]
["add a warn event log entry and log .", "add a warn event log entry and log .", "add a warn event log and log .", "add a warn event entry item and entry .", "add a warn event entry item and log ."]
["returns the lhs of the assignment .", "returns the expression of the assignment .", "returns the lhs .", "returns the lhs the assignment .", "returns the lhs lhs of the assignment ."]
["timed invoke all ( null ) throws npe", "timed test all ( null ) throws npe", "timed invoke all throws npe", "timed %UNK% all ( null ) throws npe", "timed random all ( null ) throws npe"]
["for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the provided hashinator and hashinator config", "for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the provided hashinator", "for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the and hashinator config", "for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the provided hashinator config", "for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the provided hashinator config"]
["checks if the addressed database can simply be opened built .", "checks if the addressed database can simply be opened , or needs to be ( re ) built .", "checks if the addressed database can simply be opened , built .", "checks if the addressed database can simply be opened , or needs to be built .", "checks if the addressed database can simply be opened , or needs to be built ."]
["prepend the template type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map .", "extends the prepend type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map .", "set the template type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map .", "sets the template type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map .", "extends the type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map ."]
["test all digits in different locations of strings .", "test all digits .", "test the digits in different locations of strings .", "test all random in different locations of strings .", "test all digits in test locations of strings ."]
["compute the diagonal of a bounding box .", "compute the diagonal of a box .", "compute the diagonal of an bounding box .", "compute the diagonal of the bounding box .", "compute the diagonal of a stops box ."]
["parses the specified options .", "parses the specified options and returns the faulty key .", "returns the specified options and returns the faulty key .", "assign the specified options and returns the faulty key .", "adds the faulty key ."]
["build the range store with provided range store factory manager .", "build the range store with provided range store factory .", "build the range store with provided range store manager .", "build the range store with provided server range store factory manager .", "build the range store with provided client range store factory ."]
["tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .", "tests assert that the http can be deleted after unlock the http .", "tests assert that the setting can be deleted after read the setting .", "clear assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .", "tests assert that the setting can be deleted after clear the setting ."]
["take most frequent black local max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main line thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines .", "take most frequent local max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main line thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines .", "take most black local max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main line thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines .", "take most frequent black local max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main rint thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines .", "take most frequent black max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main line thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines ."]
["formats the transaction schema cache by reading the central schema cache is read into this transaction cache .", "keyspace the transaction schema cache by reading the central schema cache is read into this transaction cache .", "refreshes the keyspace schema cache by reading the central schema cache is read into this transaction cache .", "refreshes the cache by reading the central schema cache is read into this cache .", "refreshes the transaction schema cache by reading the central schema cache is read into the keyspace cache ."]
["reserve ids used by the predicates .", "reserve ids used by the predicates or constraints associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the constraints or constraints associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the predicates associated with some join graph .", "reserve ids used by the predicates with some join graph ."]
["creates a scheduling dependency # error _ propagating _ middleman error - propagating middleman .", "creates a middleman type # scheduling _ propagating _ middleman error - propagating middleman .", "creates a scheduling type # error _ propagating _ middleman error - propagating middleman .", "creates a middleman type # scheduling _ propagating _ middleman error - dependency middleman .", "creates a middleman type # scheduling _ propagating _ middleman error - propagating dependency middleman ."]
["loads the available element view .", "loads the available element views .", "loads the available element view groups .", "loads the available element views groups .", "loads the edit element view ."]
["execute .", "execute execute .", "execute runners .", "run .", "sync ."]
["tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , string , long ) method with a tier other than mem .", "tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , long ) method with a tier other than mem .", "tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , , long ) method with a tier other than mem .", "tests the block worker # create block ( , , string , ) method with a tier other than mem .", "tests the block worker # create block ( string , long ) method with a tier other than mem ."]
["creates a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the transaction oltp is disposed off", "returns a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the transaction oltp is disposed off", "creates a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the transaction oltp is disposed off .", "creates a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the transaction oltp is disposed shared .", "creates a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the owner oltp is disposed off"]
["use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api .", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws api", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version", "use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version version ."]
["tests string utils # capitalize ( string ) .", "tests string # capitalize ( string ) .", "tests utils # capitalize ( ) .", "tests string string # capitalize ( string ) .", "tests data utils # capitalize ( data ) ."]
["upload screenshot file to amazon s3 using zafira client", "upload screenshot file to amazon using zafira client", "upload screenshot file to s3 using zafira client", "upload screenshot file to amazon s3", "upload screenshot file to amazon s3 client"]
["adds a qualified \" opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" opens \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" dynamic opens directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified \" opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration .", "adds a qualified opens dynamic \" directive to the declaration ."]
["returns the number of documents to return per fetch .", "gets the number of documents to returns per fetch .", "gets the number of documents to return per fetch .", "get the number of documents to return per fetch .", "returns the number of documents to returns per fetch ."]
["traces a hash map .", "traces a map .", "traces a hash .", "traces a series point .", "traces a hash map point ."]
["configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the injection manager .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the instance injection .", "configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the manager .", "injection auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the instance manager .", "configure injection discoverable injection - discoverables in the instance manager ."]
["find cites along a specific line and store them .", "find cites along a specific line .", "find cites along a specific line them .", "find cites along an line and store them .", "find cites along an and store them ."]
["gets the field name .", "gets the name .", "gets the filed name .", "gets the field .", "gets the field field name ."]
["if only public , module and package access are allowed , the suffix is \" / package \" .", "if only module and package access are allowed , the suffix is \" / package \" .", "if public , module and package access are allowed , the suffix is \" / package \" .", "and package the suffix is \" / package \" .", "if only public module and the suffix is \" / package \" ."]
["create a copy of this logger that does not log exception stack traces .", "returns a copy of this logger that does not log exception stack traces , unless the log level is debug or lower .", "create a copy of this logger that does not log exception stack traces unless the log level is debug or .", "create a copy of this logger that does not log exception stack traces , unless the stack level is debug or lower .", "create a copy of this logger that does no log exception stack traces , unless the log level is debug or lower ."]
["see # set padding ( float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( int float , int , int )", "see # set padding , float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )", "see # set padding ( int ( float ( float ( float )"]
["create insert value expressions .", "create insert value .", "create insert optimized expressions .", "create insert value insert .", "create insert value expressions value ."]
["get the display name for this group .", "get the display name for this group .", "get the display name for this group .", "get the display name , including the size of the group .", "returns the display name for this group , including the size of the group ."]
["group : producer", "group : disable", "group : cache", "group : stream", "group : %UNK%"]
["set the level .", "add the level .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the level ."]
["iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the key properties key by properties and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "properties over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "iterate over all the properties properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) ."]
["returns the status code for this change .", "returns this status code for this change .", "get the status code for this change .", "returns the code code for this change .", "gets the status code for this change ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["when accessing a left child value decrements by 1 .", "when accessing a left child , value decrements by 1 .", "when accessing a left child by 1 .", "when accessing a left child , level decrements by 1 .", "when accessing a left child , col value decrements by 1 ."]
["sets the identifier of this action profile group .", "sets the identifier of this action group .", "sets the group identifier of this action profile group .", "sets the group of this action profile group .", "sets the identifier of this group profile group ."]
["create kubernetes watch for kafka user resources .", "create kubernetes watch for user resources .", "create kubernetes watch .", "create kubernetes watch for kubernetes .", "create kubernetes watch for vertx ."]
["encodes the start time into a key .", "encodes the private time into a key .", "encodes the time into a key .", "encodes the tmp time into a key .", "the commit time into a key ."]
["generate a file ( format csv ) to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features .", "generate a file to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features .", "generate an ( format csv ) to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features .", "generate the file ( format csv ) to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features .", "generate an file ( format csv ) to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features ."]
["configures db entity manager with default class path .", "configures total names with default class path .", "configures db entity manager .", "configures entity manager with default class path .", "configures total names manager with default class path ."]
["performs actual mutation operation for the specified record in hbase .", "performs actual put operation for the specified mutation in hbase .", "performs mutation put operation for the specified record in hbase .", "performs actual put operation for the specified record in hbase column .", "mutation actual put operation for the specified record in hbase ."]
["create and start logging client thread pool .", "create and start logging and client thread pool .", "create and start logging server thread pool .", "create and start logging server .", "create and start server and client thread pool ."]
["convert selected metrics from a registry into a map , with metrics in a compact format .", "convert selected metrics from a registry into a map .", "returns selected metrics from a registry into a map , with metrics in a compact format .", "convert selected metrics from a registry into a map", "convert selected metrics from a registry into a map , with metrics in an format ."]
["always returns dummy .", "always returns _ target .", "returns dummy _ target .", "returns dummy target .", "always returns dummy target ."]
["return the string representations of the annotation types for the given doc .", "returns the string representations of the annotation types for the given doc .", "return the annotation representations of the annotation types for the given doc .", "return the info representations of the annotation types for the given doc .", "return the string representations annotation types for the ."]
["set the encryption scope prevented override property : optional .", "set the encryption scope override property : optional .", "set the encryption scope scope prevented property : optional .", "set the encryption scope override prevented property : optional .", "set the encryption scope prevented property : optional ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see a set static factory methods for details ."]
["returns the length of this path .", "returns the type of this path .", "returns the length of this path .", "returns the length of this type .", "returns the length of the path ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for build blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # lease blob async client ( ) ."]
["\" allow \" , \" accept \" ) .", "allow , accept ) .", "\" get \" , \" accept \" ) .", "deprecated allow allow deprecated allow deprecated allow deprecated allow accept \" ) .", ", \" accept \" ) ."]
["query by given select builder", "query by given builder", "query by given select builder .", "query by select builder", "query by given table builder"]
["sets date ranges .", "sets date date ranges .", "sets ranges .", "sets the date ranges .", "set date ranges ."]
["the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by theconfigured selection strategy .", "the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by theconfigured", "the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by theconfigured server selection strategy .", "the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by server selection strategy .", "the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by theconfigured copycat selection strategy ."]
["this variant retrieves # get declared methods ( ) from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying .", "this variant retrieves class # get declared methods from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying .", "this variant retrieves methods # get declared methods ( ) from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying .", "this variant retrieves declared # get declared methods ( ) from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying .", "get declared methods ( ) from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying ."]
["return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "return true if the given attribute name is the name of a attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .", "if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file ."]
["get the result .", "get the result stepresult .", "get the result hierarchy .", "get the result result .", "get the result object ."]
["steinbach , karypis . and karypis , g . and kumar , v .", "steinbach , m . and karypis , karypis . and kumar , v .", "steinbach , m . and karypis , g . and kumar , karypis .", "steinbach , and karypis , g . and kumar , v .", "steinbach , m . and karypis , g . and kumar ."]
["adds a packet metadata .", "adds a control metadata .", "adds a control packet .", "adds a metadata .", "adds a pi metadata ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?"]
["returns the distance .", "returns the distance function .", "returns the distance distance .", "returns the distance object .", "returns the distance yaml ."]
["turn a to reactive of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to iterable of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to reactive seq of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a to reactive seq of eithers into a single either with lists of values .", "turn a reactive of eithers into a single either with lists of values ."]
["the text .", "the text example .", "the text of the user example .", "the text of the input example .", "the user input example ."]
["returns a new instance of a query executor that handles the specified data type .", "returns a new instance of a node executor that handles the specified data type .", "returns a new instance of a query executor that handles the specified execution .", "returns a new instance of a query executor that handles the specified execution graph .", "returns a new instance of a graph executor that handles the specified data type ."]
["returns the asset entry of this asset entry set .", "returns the asset entry score of this asset entry set .", "returns the asset entry set score of this asset entry set .", "returns the asset entry set of this asset entry set .", "returns the asset of this asset entry set ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["symbolic links are not moved to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked file is moved , and the symlink file is deleted .", "links are not moved to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked file is moved , and the symlink file is deleted .", "symbolic links are not moved to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked is moved , and the symlink is deleted .", "symbolic links are not moved to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked is moved , and the symlink is deleted .", "not to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked file is moved the symlink file is deleted ."]
["sets the iproperty locator for the given application .", "sets the iget locator for the given application .", "sets the iget for the given application .", "sets the iget and set locator for the given application .", "sets the iget and iproperty locator for the given application ."]
["see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ specifying a voice ] .", "see : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( list ) .", "see also : [ specifying a list ] ( url ) ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( factory date utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( default given utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( factory given utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the factory month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["get the accessor instance which is being used to read the underlying instance .", "get the image accessor instance which is being used to read the underlying dicom instance .", "get accessor instance which is being used to read underlying dicom instance .", "get the image accessor instance which is being used to read the underlying dicom instance .", "get the dicom image accessor instance which is being used to read the underlying dicom instance ."]
["construct the nbt representation of the channel list , for use during login handshaking", "construct the nbt representation of the channel list", "construct the nbt representation of the channel resource , for use during login handshaking", "construct the nbt representation of the channel resource location , for use during login handshaking", "construct the nbt representation of the channel map , for use during login handshaking"]
["creates a reference to an already declared or referenced function .", "creates a reference to an already declared .", "creates a call to an already declared or referenced function .", "creates a func to an already declared or referenced function .", "creates a signature to an already declared or referenced function ."]
["build mongo template mongo template .", "get mongo template mongo template .", "mongo template mongo template .", "gets mongo template mongo template .", "template mongo template ."]
["adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension .", "adds a new job job queue to remove the extension from the specified .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified request from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified uninstall from the specified namespace ."]
["prepare project for using .", "prepare project", "prepare project .", "prepare project for from .", "prepare project for from ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["the given is converted to the actual user proxy if necessary , @ see proxy utils # get user proxy .", "the given is converted to the actual user class if necessary , @ see proxy utils # get user class .", "the given is converted to the actual user class if necessary , @ actual proxy utils # get user class .", "the given is converted to the actual user class if necessary , @ get proxy utils # get user class .", "the given is converted to the actual user class if necessary , @ user proxy utils # get user class ."]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # throws throws .", "type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for the type references whose sort is # throws throws ."]
["indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated %UNK% generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id .", "indicate to associated become generations to become masters for the given partition id", "indicate to associated become to become masters for the given partition id"]
["writes a collection of values to an output stream .", "writes a collection of values to a stream .", "writes a writer of values to an output stream .", "writes a collection of values to an writer stream .", "writes a collection of values to a output stream ."]
["null , vertical tab , formfeed , etc . )", "vertical tab , formfeed , etc . )", "null , vertical tab , formfeed . )", "null , vertical formfeed , etc . )", "null tab , formfeed , etc . )"]
["resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a package name are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a package are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a java package name are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not a java identifier are resources that can never be encapsulated .", "resources ending in \" . class \" or where the package name is not package name are resources that can never be encapsulated ."]
["stores the parsed complete zone .", "stores the zone complete object .", "stores the complete object .", "stores the parsed complete zone id .", "stores the parsed complete id ."]
["save a file entry .", "save a file entry and return .", "save a file entry and return to the the path .", "save a file entry and return to the the file .", "save a file entry the ."]
["decorates and binds the specified http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the http service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and http the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and specified http the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .", "decorates and binds the specified http service with http routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host ."]
["key keys with key material included of the specified versions .", "key keys with properties of key material included of the specified versions .", "key keys with key material included of the specified properties of versions .", "properties keys keys with properties keys material included of the specified versions .", "key keys with properties material included of the specified versions ."]
["enriches an environment with new / modified properties and returns the new instance .", "enriches an environment with new / modified properties .", "enriches an environment with new properties and returns the new instance .", "enriches an environment with / modified properties and returns the instance .", "enriches an environment with new / views properties and returns the new instance ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for build blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # lease blob async client ( ) ."]
["returns an immutable set containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns an set containing an arbitrary number of elements .", "returns a set containing an arbitrary number of elements ."]
["the output string .", "the layer string .", "the revision .", "the output layer .", "the output layer string ."]
["unregisters a previously registered listener to be called when the primitive ' s state changes .", "unregisters a previously registered listener to be called when the primitive ' s primitive changes .", "unregisters a previously registered listener to be called when the primitive ' s primitive state changes .", "unregisters a previously registered state to be called when the primitive ' s status changes .", "unregisters a previously registered primitive to be called when the primitive ' s status changes ."]
["attaches an application created from a wadl description document to the component .", "attaches an application created from a swagger description document to the component .", "attaches an application created from a description document to the component .", "attaches an application created from a swagger document to the component .", "attaches an application created from a wadl document to the component ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["sort a subset of an array of number primitives .", "sort a subset of a of number primitives .", "sort a subset of array of number primitives .", "sort a subset of an array of number primitives .", "sort a subset of a array of number primitives ."]
["or throws a no such message exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such message exception if it could not be found", "or throws a mail no such message exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such message exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such message exception if it could not be found ."]
["validates the item using item validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns the result of the validation as a list of validation results .", "validates the bean using item validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns the result of the validation as a list of validation results .", "validates the bean using bean validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns the result of the validation as a list of validation results .", "validates the bean using item validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns the result of the validation as a list of validation results .", "validates using item validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns result of the validation as a list of validation results ."]
["registers a callback to be invoked when the fullscreen mode should be changed .", "registers a callback to be invoked when the fullscreen should be changed .", "a callback to be invoked when the fullscreen mode should be changed .", "registers be invoked when the fullscreen mode should be changed .", "registers a to be invoked when the fullscreen mode should be changed ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the name .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["throws a system exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 .", "throws a exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 .", "returns a system exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 .", "throws an exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 .", "throws a extract exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 ."]
["adds a resource file to the artifact classes folder .", "adds a file to the artifact classes folder .", "adds a resource file to the classes folder .", "adds a resource file to the application classes folder .", "adds the artifact classes folder ."]
["calling this method will commit an open transaction , even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported .", "calling this method will commit an open , even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported .", "calling this method will commit an open even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported .", "calling this method will commit a transaction , even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported .", "calling this method will commit an even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported ."]
["replaces existing tags of the specified metadata id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata entity id with a new set of tags .", "replaces existing tags of the specified metadata with a new set of tags ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["returns the database id of the entity to whom this permission is granted .", "returns the entity id of the user to whom this permission is granted .", "returns the database id of the user to whom this permission is granted .", "returns the id of the user to whom this permission is granted .", "returns the database entity of the user to whom this permission is granted ."]
["allocates a byte array of the specified length in memory .", "allocates a byte array of the specified length .", "allocates a byte array the specified length in .", "allocates a byte array of the specified length in unmanaged memory .", "allocates a array of the specified length in unmanaged memory ."]
["( optional ) the attribute index ( 1 - based ) , otherwise all attributes except class are changed", "optional ) the attribute index ( 1 - , otherwise all attributes except class are changed", "( optional ) the attribute index - based , otherwise all attributes except class are changed", ") the attribute index ( 1 , otherwise all attributes except class are changed", "( optional ) the attribute index , otherwise all attributes except class are changed"]
["receives all emails that matches given filter filter and mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' .", "receives all emails that matches given filter and mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' .", "receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' .", "receives all emails that matches given mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' ."]
["code snippets for blob lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for build blob client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .", "code snippets for lease client builder # lease blob async client ( ) ."]
["the meta - property for the traded price property .", "the meta - property for the traded property .", "the traded - property for the price property .", "the meta - property for the price traded property .", "the meta - property for traded the price property ."]
["tests if this char sequence ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if the string ends with any specified suffixes ."]
["returns the parent path folder to the resource from the root site .", "returns the parent folder to the resource from the root site .", "returns the path folder to the resource from the root site .", "returns the parent folder to the path from the root site .", "returns the path parent folder to the resource from the root site ."]
["the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prepare is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to prepare player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the library is done .", "the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # prepare _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done ."]
["test method for org . infinispan . provider remote cache manager # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop .", "test method for org . infinispan . spring . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) ."]
["the option is a : type .", "the disable is a : type .", "the stream is a : type .", "the cache is a : type .", "a : type ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?"]
["gets the value .", "gets the set .", "returns the value .", "returns the confidence .", "gets the builder ."]
["if label = \" \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if label filter = \" \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter = \" \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if filter filter = \" \" , settings without any label are returned .", "if label filter , settings without any label are returned ."]
["get the content of this element .", "returns the content of this element .", "get the content .", "get the content of this content .", "get a content of this element ."]
["check if the resource is an http resource and apply filter .", "check if the resource is an http resource .", "check if the resource is a resource and apply filter .", "check if the resource is an http resource filter .", "check if this resource is an http resource and apply filter ."]
["fire wna open / close metrics and update the actual state after a state change is received .", "wna open close metrics and update the actual state after a state change is received .", "fire wna close metrics and update the actual state after a state change is received .", "fire wna open metrics and update the actual state after a state change is received .", "fire wna open and update the actual state after a state change is received ."]
["if label = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned .", "abc1234 \" , settings with a label equal to \" abc1234 \" are returned ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to extract _ phrases of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "_ method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input ."]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["try to process recorded events for ' max duration ' miliseconds .", "try to process recorded events for ' max ' miliseconds .", "try to process recorded events for ' duration ' miliseconds .", "try to process recorded events for ' maxtime ' miliseconds .", "try to process recorded events for ' duration duration ' miliseconds ."]
["returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified .", "returns type if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified type class .", "returns true if the class has the specified annotation type ."]
["sets the value of the component name property .", "sets the value of the component property .", "sets the value of the name property .", "sets the value of the file component property .", "sets the value of the component name property"]
["implements stanza filter .", "implements packet stanza .", "implements stanza .", "implements packet filter .", "stanza packet filter ."]
["gets the tag message of a logging event", "returns the tag message of a logging event", "gets the tag message of a logging event .", "gets the tag message of a event", "gets the tag message of the logging event"]
["read the parameter meta data from the input stream in object .", "read the parameter meta data from the input stream object .", "read the parameter meta data from the input object .", "read the parameter meta data from the in stream in object .", "read the parameter meta data from the in object ."]
["sets commit context . validation mode for associated commit .", "sets commit mode . validation type for associated commit .", "sets commit context . validation mode for associated commit .", "sets commit context . validation type for associated commit .", "sets commit context . mode type for associated commit ."]
["default method - returns \" success \"", "default method - returns \" success", "default method - returns \" success", "default method - returns \" success \"", "default method - returns \" input \""]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for radius and debugging ."]
["get the all processed certificates until now .", "get the set of all processed certificates until now .", "get the until now .", "get the certificate until now .", "get the set ."]
["corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . `", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0", "corresponds to ` hex . tree . . drf mojo model . score0 `"]
["code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . begin secret # secret properties", "code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . secret # secret begin", "code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . get secret # name", "code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . get secret", "code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . get secret # string"]
["checks if the given type id is of the element view type .", "checks if the given type id is of the element type .", "checks if the given type id is of the element view .", "checks if the given type id is of the group type .", "checks if the given type id is of the type ."]
["writes the node to the specified stream .", "writes the node to the specified output .", "writes the specified output stream .", "writes this to the specified output stream .", "writes all to the specified output stream ."]
["fits an crf .", "sequences a crf .", "fits a fit .", "fits the crf .", "fits a sequences ."]
["asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of source", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages .", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of %UNK%", "asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination"]
["example : [ 30 , 60 , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30 ( i . e .", "example : [ 30 , 60 , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30", "[ 30 , 60 , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30 ( i . e .", "example : [ 30 60 , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30 (", "example : [ 30 , number , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30 ( i . e ."]
["adds a new document to this collection with the specified fields as contents , assigning it a document id automatically .", "adds a new document to this collection with the specified pojo as contents , assigning it a document id automatically .", "adds a new document to this collection with the specified pojo as fields , assigning it a document id automatically .", "adds a new document to this collection with the specified document as contents , assigning it a document id automatically .", "adds a document to this collection with the specified pojo as contents , assigning it a document id automatically ."]
["tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .", "tests assert that can not be deleted after lock setting .", "tests assert that the http can not be deleted after lock the http .", "tests assert that the setting with response can not be deleted after lock the setting with response .", "tests with response assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting ."]
["user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this http .", "user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this context .", "user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this span .", "user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this http request context .", "user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this http request ."]
["returns the definition with the primary key or throws a no such definition exception if it could not be found .", "returns the definition with the primary key liferay . ams . no such definition exception if it could not be found .", "returns the definition with the primary key or throws a ams no such definition exception if it could not be found .", "returns the definition with the primary key or throws a ams . no such definition exception if it could not be found .", "returns the definition with the primary key or throws ams . no such definition exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where type id = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where type = ?", "returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?"]
["builds a new check in dialog fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb id .", "builds a new check in dialog fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb show .", "builds a new check in show fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb id .", "create a new check in dialog fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb id .", "returns a new check in dialog fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb id ."]
["adds new units to an existing type oracle .", "adds new units to an existing oracle .", "adds new units to an existing types oracle .", "adds new units to a type oracle .", "adds new units to an existing compilation oracle ."]
["the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # new push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the new request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the wrapped request new .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .", "the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get new builder ( ) on the wrapped request object ."]
["integers . . n .", "integers . . . n .", "integers 0 . . .", "integers 0 . . . queue .", "integers 0 . . . n - ."]
["registers a connection status listener and attempts a connection .", "registers a connection status listener .", "registers a connection status listener", "registers a connection status listener a connection .", "registers a connection status listener and connection ."]
["set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the query optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) ."]
["suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , ibor swap convention ) ."]
["default prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given - map .", "prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given - map .", "default prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given .", "default prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given", "the default prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given - map ."]
["also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon matcher that called copy .", "also , puts the new matcher - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .", "also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon that called copy ."]
["convert strings to a set of node nodes .", "convert strings to a collection of node set .", "convert set to a collection of node nodes .", "convert strings to a collection of nodes set nodes .", "convert strings to a set collection of node nodes ."]
["lookup an ephemeral or persistent access key .", "lookup an ephemeral or persistent cached access key .", "lookup an ephemeral or persistent persistent cached key .", "lookup an ephemeral or persistent access cached key .", "lookup an ephemeral or access cached access key ."]
["gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist", "gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist .", "gets a map mapping iinventories to the match of items of the type passed in that exist", "gets a map iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist", "gets a map match iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist"]
["set of the cosmos db resource throughput .", "set value of the db resource throughput .", "set value of the cosmos resource throughput .", "value of the cosmos db resource throughput .", "set value of the cosmos db resource resource ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all s16 in the planar image .", "computes the minimum across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the s16 for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the planar for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["returns the next available packet .", "returns the next packet .", "returns the available packet .", "returns the next available .", "returns the next available packet ."]
["the default implementation returns attribute factory default _ _ .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory default _ _ # token stream .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory _ attribute _ .", "the default implementation returns attribute factory _ attribute _ # token stream .", "the default implementation returns token stream # default _ attribute _ factory ."]
["computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the height for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["flat the linked hashmap of profiles into a single optional profile .", "flat the linked hashmap of collection into a single optional profile .", "flat the linked hashmap of profiles into an single optional profile .", "flat the collection into a single optional profile .", "flat the linked hashmap of profiles into a collection profile ."]
["combine ( raw ) data for reducible annotations ( those that use raw data in g vcfs )", "combine data for reducible annotations ( those that use raw data in g vcfs )", "combine ( raw ) data for reducible annotations ( those that use raw data", "annotations ( those that use raw data in g", "reducible annotations ( those that use raw data in g vcfs )"]
["appends the information about the given handle to # string builder buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # string buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # handle builder buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to buf .", "appends the information about the given handle to # handle builder handle builder ."]
["save basic clusters .", "save clusters .", "save basic .", "basic clusters .", "save basic clusters ."]
["report the target output folder if present on the cli", "report the target output folder file if present on the cli", "report the target output folder file if present on the cli", "report the target output file if present on the cli", "report the target output folder if present on the cli"]
["make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the karaf distribution configuration file extend option", "make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the karaf distribution configuration file extend option configuration", "make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the distribution configuration file extend option", "make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the karaf distribution configuration file extend option , c", "make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the karaf distribution configuration file option configuration option"]
["this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the portfolio item .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the info .", "this allows additional information to be attached to the item ."]
["the on error resume with method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume next method changes this behavior .", "the on error with next method changes this behavior .", "the on error resume with method changes this behavior ."]
["if an element from the given annotation is not in the element name renaming , it is ignored .", "if an element from the given annotation is not in the element name , it is ignored .", "if an element from the given annotation is not in the element , it is ignored .", "if an element from the given annotation is not in the mapping , it is ignored .", "if an element from the given element name renaming is not in the mapping , it is ignored ."]
["returns a snapshot of all applications", "returns a snapshot of all application", "returns a snapshot of applications", "returns a snapshot of all instances", "returns a snapshot of all list"]
["switches to the requested site .", "switches to the site .", "switches .", "switches to the requested .", "switches to the requested change ."]
["authenticate the user to this credentials .", "authenticate the user to this authenticated .", "authenticate the user to this authenticated context .", "the user to this user credentials .", "authenticate the user to this credentials context ."]
["sets the bootstrap nodes .", "sets the nodes locations .", "sets the bootstrap node .", "sets the node locations .", "sets the nodes ."]
["sets the wakeup selection listener that will be notified .", "sets the wakeup listener that will be notified .", "sets the selection wakeup that will be notified .", "sets the selection wakeup listener that will be notified .", "sets the listener that will be notified ."]
["sets the specified value to the auto flush field .", "sets the specified value to the dec auto flush field .", "sets the specified value to the nauto flush field .", "sets the specified value to the dec auto flush field .", "sets the specified value to the auto flush speed field ."]
["return the data flavors for this data configuration .", "return the data flavors for this transfer", "return the for this", "return the data flavors for this transfer configuration .", "return the unittest for this"]
["when two assembly are the same , prefer the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie .", "when two configurations are the same , contig the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie .", "when two contig are the same , prefer the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie .", "when two configurations are the same , assembly the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie .", "when two configurations are the same , aligned the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie ."]
["tested methods : copy ( vector ) , toimpl : copy ( matrix ) , colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )", "copy ( vector ) , toimpl : copy ( matrix ) , colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )", "tested methods : copy ( copy ) , toimpl : copy ( matrix ) , colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )", "methods copy ( vector ) , toimpl : copy ( matrix ) , colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )", "methods : copy ) , toimpl : copy matrix colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )"]
["tests if this char sequence ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified suffixes .", "tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .", "tests if the string ends with any specified suffixes ."]
["the default implementation does nothing and is intended to be overridden .", "the default implementation does writer and is intended to be overridden .", "the default implementation does not nothing and is intended to be overridden .", "is intended to be overridden .", "this implementation does nothing and is intended to be overridden ."]
["returns an adjusted date - time based on this create - time .", "returns an adjusted date - time based on - time .", "returns an adjusted date - time based on this method - time .", "returns an adjusted date - time based on this instant - time .", "returns an adjusted date - time based on this date - time ."]
["initiate client clients on all connections and return the requests .", "initiate clients list on all connections and return the requests .", "initiate client list on all connections and return the requests .", "initiate client info on all connections and return the requests .", "initiate info list on all connections and return the requests ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["get blob store type from blob store info class", "get blob store type from blob store info", "get blob store type from blob store class", "get blob store type from info store config class", "get blob store type from blob store blob"]
["returns the string corresponding to this java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this type .", "returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .", "returns the builder corresponding to this java type ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["set values of resource limits .", "set values of managed resource .", "set values of resource .", "set values of limits .", "resource values of managed limits ."]
["compares two strings based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the string encoder this comparator was created with .", "compares two strings based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the encoder this comparator was created with .", "based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the string encoder this comparator was created with", "compares two strings based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the encoder this comparator was created with", "compares two strings based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the was created with"]
["generate sync point information from the grpc representation .", "generate sync point information from the proto representation .", "generate sync point information from the thrift representation .", "generate sync point information from the thrift grpc .", "generate sync point information from the representation ."]
["the mark ( ) method does nothing , and the reset ( ) method throws ioexception .", "and the reset ( ) method throws ioexception .", "the mark ( ) method does nothing , the reset ( method throws ioexception .", "the mark method does nothing , and the reset method throws ioexception .", "nothing , and the reset ( ) method throws ioexception ."]
["the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control characters ( 00 - 1 f and 7 f ) with a single \" / \" or \" \" .", "the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control characters ( 00 - 1 f and ) with a single \" / \" or \" \" .", "the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control characters ( 00 - 7 f ) with a single \" / \" or \" \" .", "the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control characters ( 00 - path f and 7 f ) with a single \" / \" or \" \" .", "the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control path ( 00 - 1 f and 7 f ) with a single \" / \" or \" \" ."]
["subscribe binlog .", "subscribe .", "dump subscribe .", "last binlog .", "dump binlog ."]
["base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ param @ template @ this @ throws @ type", "base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ template @ this @ throws @ type", "base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ param @ template @ this @ throws", "base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ param @ template @ this @ throws", "base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ param @ template @ this @ throws"]
["adds a old temporal memory to this layer", "adds a temporal memory to this layer", "adds a memory to this layer", "adds a temporal old memory to this layer", "adds a old memory to this layer"]
["getter parameter value for currency type", "getter parameter value for currency id", "getter parameter value for currency type", "getter parameter value for type id", "getter parameter value for currency type id"]
["do not specify a source identifier , you will receive notice of the events for that source type for all your rds sources .", "if you specify a source type but do not specify a , you will receive notice of the events for that source type for all your rds sources", "not identifier , you will receive notice of the events for that source for all your rds sources .", "specify identifier , you will receive notice of the events for that source for all your rds sources .", "not identifier , you will receive notice of the events for that source for all your rds sources ."]
["utility method for creation of candidate uris found extracting links from this crawl uri .", "utility method for creation of crawl uris found extracting links from this crawl uri .", "utility method for creation of candidate uris found extracting links from this uri .", "utility method for creation of create uris found extracting links from this crawl uri .", "utility method for creation of candidate uris found extracting crawl from this crawl uri ."]
["tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .", "tests assert that the http can not be deleted after lock the http .", "tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after read the setting .", "tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after only the setting .", "tests assert the the http can not be deleted after lock the setting ."]
["sets the focus of the index .", "sets the index of the screen .", "sets the focus .", "returns the focus of the screen .", "sets this of the screen ."]
["whether to use suffix pattern matching .", "suffix pattern matching .", "use suffix pattern matching .", "matching .", "returns suffix pattern matching ."]
["example version string : version", "example server version string", "example version string version", "example string : version", "example server version string : version"]
["compute the mahalanobis distance .", "compute the mahalanobis of a vector .", "compute the mahalanobis distance of a solve .", "compute the mahalanobis distance of the vector .", "compute the mahalanobis distance of an vector ."]
["equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same keys method .", "equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # keys method .", "equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same array keys method .", "same array comparison is performed with this object ' s # same keys method .", "equality comparison is performed with the object ' s # same keys method ."]
["this method will first search the class loader of the context class for the resource before searching all other class loaders .", "this method will first search the loader of the context for the resource before searching all other loaders .", "this method will first search the class loader of the context class for the resource before searching all other", "class loader of the context class for the resource before searching all other class loaders .", "this method will first search the class loader of the class class for the resource before searching all other class loaders ."]
["retrieves the ldap configuration if exists and adds it to services . json", "retrieves the ldap configuration if exists . json", "returns the ldap configuration if exists and adds it to services . json", "retrieves the ldap configuration if exists json", "retrieves the ldap configuration . json"]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["returns if there are changed properties .", "returns if there are properties inherit properties .", "returns if there are property inherit properties .", "returns if there are changed inherit .", "returns if there are changed inherit properties ."]
["gets the iterable of configuration setting configuration settings on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of configuration setting configuration settings on this page .", "gets the elements of configuration setting configuration settings on this page .", "gets the configuration setting configuration settings on this page .", "gets the stream of configuration setting configuration settings on this page ."]
["custom code can use or change all the local variables , but should not change state of the stack .", "code can use or change all the local variables , but should not change state of the stack .", "custom code can use or change all the local variables .", "custom code can use all the local variables , but should not change state of the stack .", "custom code can use or change all the local variables but should not state of the stack ."]
["set the tooling .", "add the tooling .", "returns the tooling .", "set the set .", "sets the tooling ."]
["generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory with response ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # sub subdirectory with response ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share async client # delete sub subdirectory with response ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete subdirectory directory with response ( string ) ( )", "generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete sub subdirectory with response ( string ) ( )"]
["ensures that component is present in the manifest as an exported launcher activity .", "ensures that component is present in the manifest as an exported and enabled launcher activity .", "ensures that component is present in the manifest as an exported .", "ensures that component is present in the manifest as an exported and enabled activity .", "ensures that component is present the manifest as ."]
["get mail server settings # # # functional description : dracoon email server configuration entry point .", "mail server settings # # # functional description : dracoon email server configuration entry point .", "returns mail server settings # # # functional description : dracoon email server configuration entry point .", "get mail server settings dracoon email server configuration entry point .", "return mail server settings # # # functional description : dracoon email server configuration entry point ."]
["sets the identifier of this action profile group .", "sets the identifier of this action group .", "sets the group identifier of this action profile group .", "sets the group of this action profile group .", "sets the identifier of this group profile group ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "invoke all returns empty collection", "invoke all ( empty collection ) returns an empty collection", "invoke an ( empty collection ) returns empty collection", "invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection"]
["all the following mouse and key events apply to the given modifiers ex .", "all the following mouse events apply to the given modifiers .", "all the following mouse and key events apply to the given ex modifiers .", "all the following mouse and key events apply to the given ex .", "all the following mouse and ex events apply to the given modifiers ."]
["with as the initial model , learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this hmm as the initial model , learn a by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this update as the initial model , learn an update by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this update as the initial model , learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this hmm as the initial model - welch algorithm ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["set the listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "set the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "sets the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )", "set the listeners listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )"]
["returns a name temporary name for the specified database name .", "returns a random for the specified database name .", "returns a random temporary name for the specified .", "returns a random temporary name for the specified database name .", "returns a random temporary name for the specified ."]
["counts empty between before given .", "counts lines before given .", "counts empty lines given .", "counts between lines before given .", "counts empty lines before ."]
["encrypt message locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms", "encrypt byte locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms", "encrypt plaintext locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms", "byte message locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms", "plaintext message locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms"]
["obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono", "obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono time", "obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono time", "obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono .", "obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono date time ."]
["retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata entity .", "retrieves all the properties for the specified metadata ."]
["tests for the base file system # create directory ( alluxio uri , create directory poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system directory ( alluxio uri , create directory options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # create directory ( alluxio uri , create directory ) method .", "tests for the base file system # create poptions ( alluxio uri , create poptions options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # create poptions ( alluxio uri , create directory options ) method ."]
["whether this codec is capable of decoding the given cql type .", "whether this codec is capable of accepts the given cql type .", "whether this codec is capable of data the given cql type .", "decoding the given cql type .", "whether this codec is capable of cql the given cql type ."]
["if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event handlers adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event listener adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation handlers listener adapter .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event listener handlers .", "if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event message adapter ."]
["check if the browser is ie6 , 7 , 8 , 9 .", "check if the browser is ie6 , 7 , 8 .", "check if the browser is ie6 , ie8 , 8 , 9 .", "check if the browser is ie6 , 8 , 9 .", "check if the browser is ie6 , 7 , 9 ."]
["sets the interval .", "sets the ui .", "updates the interval .", "returns the interval .", "adds the interval ."]
["creates a flux of paged response starting from the next page associated with the given continuation token .", "creates a flux of response starting from the next page associated with the given continuation token .", "creates a flux of by response starting from the next page associated with the given continuation token .", "creates a flux of paged response starting from the by page associated with the given continuation token .", "creates a flux of paged response starting from ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the long .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["to prevent excessive polling on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a single source .", "to prevent polling on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a single source .", "to prevent on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a single source .", "to excessive polling on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a single source .", "to prevent excessive polling on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a source ."]
["set the value for some properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for properties metadata on a collection alias .", "set the value for an properties on a collection alias .", "set the value for some metadata on a properties alias ."]
["line string key is measurement + tag values", "line string key is + tag values", "line string key is measurement + tag values .", "line string key is measurement tag values", "line string key is measurement + line values"]
["checks if the type of worklet is same as that of wfdesc json .", "checks if the data model type of worklet is same as that of wfdesc json .", "checks if the type of worklet is same as that of wfdesc json data .", "checks if the json data of worklet is same as that of wfdesc json .", "checks if the type of worklet is not same as that of wfdesc json ."]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api updated ' event .", "creates an api entry for the ' service updated ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the api service updated ' event ."]
["test that the given module reads all module in the given layer and its parent layers .", "test that the given module reads all module module in the given layer and its parent layers .", "test that the given module reads module in the all module module layer and its parent layers .", "test that the given module reads all module in the given module layer and its parent layers .", "test that the given module reads module in the all given module layer and its parent layers ."]
["returns whether or not buffered image pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent .", "returns whether or not image pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent .", "returns whether or not buffered pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent .", "returns whether or buffered not image pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent .", "returns whether or not image buffered pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent ."]
["all bindable types have been collected , do the actual processing .", "the bindable types have been collected , do the actual processing .", "all field types have been collected , do the actual processing .", "all bindable field have been collected , do the actual processing .", "all bindable types have been field , do the actual processing ."]
["start building a new supplier instance - based service binding .", "start building a new binding instance - based service binding .", "start building a new instance - based service binding .", "start building a new supplier instance - based service binding .", "start building a new function instance - based service binding ."]
["returns the pivot of a item on a specific axis , when it is swiped .", "returns the pivot of a abstract on a specific axis , when it is swiped .", "returns the pivot of a abstract item on a specific axis , when it is swiped .", "returns the pivot of a item item on a specific axis , when it is swiped .", "returns the pivot of an abstract item on a specific axis , when it is swiped ."]
["if the wrapping fails , then null is returned .", "if the wrapping o , then null is returned .", "if the wrapping fails .", "if the fails , then null is returned .", "if null is returned ."]
["timeslot number or timeslot for this message", "timeslot or timeslot for this message", "channel number for this message", "int or timeslot for this message", "channel number"]
["handles all the tags with the given handler .", "executes all the tags with the given handler .", "handles the the tags with the given handler .", "resolve all the tags with the given handler .", "handles the an resolve with the given handler ."]
["prints message to the terminal at verbosity level .", "prints message to the terminal without a newline .", "prints message to the terminal at verbosity writer , without a newline .", "prints message to the terminal .", "prints message to the terminal at verbosity level"]
["if not found , look for \" dspace . dir \" initial context parameter .", "if not found , look for \" dspace . dir \" initial context parameter .", "if not found , look for \" dspace . dspace \" initial context parameter .", "if not found , dspace for \" dspace . dir \" initial context parameter .", "look for \" dspace . dir \" initial context parameter ."]
["sets the value of the ' ts ' field .", "sets the value of the ' ts .", "sets the value of the ' ts ' ts .", "sets the value of the ' dec ' ts .", "sets the value of the ' ts ' field ."]
["key create options vault key # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key key vault key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key create create key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key create vault key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key create options options key # get not before ( ) not before values are optional ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["generates transaction with random hash .", "generates a transaction with a hash .", "random transaction with a random hash .", "generates a random transaction random hash .", "transaction with random hash ."]
["convert wiki name in database / database name .", "convert wiki name in database name .", "convert wiki name in database / schema name .", "convert wiki name in database .", "convert wiki database in database / schema name ."]
["gets the value of the algorithm name property .", "gets the value of the algorithm type property .", "gets the value of the name algorithm type property .", "gets the value of the algorithm string property .", "gets the value of the name type property ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos feed response of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one or cosmos feed response of the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one or several feed response of cosmos the read cosmos items .", "the flux will contain one or several cosmos paged feed response of the read cosmos items ."]
["returns the last jid that the party with the specified address contacted us from or null if we don ' t have a jid for the specified address yet .", "returns the jid that the party with the specified address contacted us from or null if we don ' t have a jid for the specified address yet .", "returns the last jid that the party with the specified address contacted us from or if we don ' t have a jid for the specified address yet .", "returns the last jid that the party with the contacted us from or null if we don ' t have a jid for the address yet .", "returns the the party with the specified address contacted us from or null if we don ' t have a jid for the specified address yet ."]
["string representation of \" this \" with packagename and the path .", "element representation of \" this \" with packagename and the path .", "representation of \" this \" with packagename and the path .", "string representation of \" this \" with packagename and the path .", "string element of \" this \" with packagename and the path ."]
["checks a file name to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system .", "checks a file to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system .", "checks an file name to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system .", "checks an file to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system .", "checks a name name to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system ."]
["sets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field .", "sets the value of the ' filter ' field .", "sets the value of the ' bloom ' field .", "sets the value of the filter ' field .", "sets the value of the ' set filter ' field ."]
["begin access conditions , blob access conditions , duration , context )", "blob access conditions , duration , context )", "modified access conditions , blob access conditions , duration , context )", "operation access conditions , blob access conditions , duration , context )", "copy access conditions , blob access conditions , duration , context )"]
["get the event execution events as a stream .", "get the events as a stream .", "get the events as a stream .", "get the plain event events as a stream .", "get the event events as a stream ."]
["api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : host - port / : - > dump heap .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : host - port / - > dump heap .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : host - port / : timeout - > dump heap .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : host - port / : dump heap .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : - port : timeout - > dump heap ."]
["get repository from event", "returns repo from event", "git repo from event", "get git from event", "get repository hub from event"]
["provide configuration in the form of rsocket strategies instance which can also be re - used to initialize a client - side rsocket requester .", "provide configuration the form of which can also be re - used to initialize a client - side rsocket requester .", "provide configuration in the form which can also be re - used to initialize a client - side rsocket requester .", "provide configuration in the form of strategies instance which can also be re - used to initialize a client - side requester .", "provide configuration in the form can also be re - used to initialize a client - side rsocket requester ."]
["use full publisher confirms , with correlation data and a callback for each message .", "use publisher confirms , with correlation data and a callback for each message .", "full publisher confirms , with correlation data and a callback for each message .", "use full publisher confirms a callback for each message .", "use full confirm confirms , with correlation data and a callback for each message ."]
["set the mongo database factory that this instance should manage transactions for .", "set the mongo db factory that this instance should manage transactions for .", "set the mongo factory that this instance should manage transactions for .", "set the mongo database factory that this instance should manage transactions for .", "set the mongo db factory that this instance should manage transactions for ."]
["creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given file .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the path ."]
["retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata entity id .", "retrieves all the tags for the specified metadata ."]
["returns an adapter which converts a side input handler factory to a", "returns an adapter which converts a side input handler factory to", "returns an adapter which converts a metadata side input handler factory to a", "returns an adapter which side input handler factory to a", "returns an adapter which converts a side side input handler factory to a"]
["get valid level instance of mfmdunning", "get valid level instance", "get level instance of mfmdunning", "get valid level instance of mfmdunning", "get valid level instance of mfmdunning ."]
["creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given file .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given .", "creates a temporary snapshot directory for the path ."]
["method to insert code snippets for secret client # get secret ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret client # get key of secret ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret client # get properties of secret ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret client # get key of of secret ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret client # get secret ( key vault secret properties )"]
["api base url .", "base url .", "base base url .", "http base url .", "url base url ."]
["retrieves the session needed to open the transaction .", "retrieves the session to open the transaction .", "retrieves the session needed .", "retrieves the session needed to open the keyspace .", "updates the session needed to open the transaction ."]
["gets the sentence locations .", "gets the sentence .", "gets the locations location .", "gets the sentence location .", "gets the sentence locations ."]
["creates a new img plus with specified dimensions .", "creates a new img plus .", "creates a new img plus with specified dimensions and axes .", "creates a new img plus with given dimensions and axes .", "returns a new img plus with specified dimensions and axes ."]
["returns the int value if this primitive value is of int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is of size int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is int .", "returns the int value if this primitive value is of type int .", "returns the int value if this value is of type int ."]
["hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity not in of realm scope ) .", "hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity not in of realm scope ) .", "hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity not in of realm scope ) .", "hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity not in of realm scope ) .", "hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity of realm scope ) ."]
["although image decoder was added in android o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p .", "although bitmaps decoder was added in android o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p .", "although compat decoder was added in android o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p .", "although image decoder was added in compat o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p .", "although image decoder was added in android o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p - ."]
["count the number of children .", "count children of the given plsql node .", "count the number of children of the given node .", "count the number of children of the given .", "count the number of children of the plsql node ."]
["add string to the array , deletes the old one if it exists", "add object to the string , deletes the old one if it exists", "add to the array , deletes the old one if it exists", "add object to the array", "add string . to the array , deletes the old one if it exists"]
["return the http response .", "return the http native response .", "return the native response .", "returns the http response .", "return the native http response ."]
["the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs .", "separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input fields must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line ."]
["report the potential key signature in this measure for the specified staff index .", "report the key signature in this measure for the specified staff index .", "returns the potential key signature in this measure for the specified staff index .", "report the potential key signature in this measure for the specified staff key .", "report the potential key signature in this key for the specified staff index ."]
["set component to be presented in the scroll pane viewport", "component to be presented in the scroll pane viewport", "adds component to be presented in the scroll pane viewport", "add set to be presented in the scroll pane viewport", "set the component to be presented in the scroll pane viewport"]
["prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding type predicate .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding predicate .", "prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller is matched by the corresponding handler predicate ."]
["sends a message to all connected members .", "sends a message to all connected broadcast .", "sends a message to all connected message .", "returns a message to all connected members .", "sends a message to all broadcast members ."]
["returns the tuple of parameter default tuple of this function value .", "returns the tuple of parameter values of this function value .", "returns the tuple of tuple default values of this function value .", "returns the tuple of this function value .", "returns the tuple default values of this function value ."]
["subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , double , double ) .", "subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , , double ) .", "subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , double ) .", "subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , double , double ) .", "subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , int ) ."]
["retrieves the ticket corresponding to the client principal pair from the subject in the specified access control context .", "retrieves the ticket corresponding to the client / server principal pair from the subject in the specified access control context .", "retrieves the initial ticket corresponding to the client / server principal pair from the subject in the specified access control context .", "retrieves the ticket corresponding to the client pair from the subject in the specified access control context .", "retrieves the ticket corresponding to the client / server principal pair from the subject in the specified control context ."]
["encryption scope override property : prevent encryption scope override property .", "set scope override property : encryption scope override property .", "encryption scope override property : prevent override property .", "set scope override property : scope override property .", "encryption scope override property : prevent override property ."]
["updates the number of bytes read , error count , start time and elapsed time", "updates the number of bytes read , error count , start time and elapsed time .", "updates the number of read , error count , start elapsed time . and elapsed time", "updates the number of bytes read , error , start elapsed time . and elapsed time", "updates the number of bytes read , error count , start time and elapsed time and bytes"]
["sets the default section paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners .", "sets the base default paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners .", "sets the section paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners .", "sets the default paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners .", "default the base section paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners ."]
["returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute ."]
["skip lines that only contain token types . annotations .", "skip lines that only contain modifier types . annotations .", "skip lines that only contain types . annotations .", "skip lines that only contain modifier annotations . annotations .", "skip modifier that only contain token types . annotations ."]
["an alternative to this method is to print / parse the instant as a single epoch - seconds value .", "an alternative to this method is to print / parse the instant as a epoch - seconds value .", "an alternative to this method is to print / parse the instant as a single - seconds value .", "this method is to print / parse the instant as a single epoch - seconds value .", "an alternative to this method is to print / parse the instant as a seconds value ."]
["this creates an empty object based on a specific parser implementation .", "this creates an empty object based on a specific document implementation .", "this creates an empty object .", "this returns an empty object based on a specific parser implementation .", "this creates an empty document based on a specific parser implementation ."]
["reverses the order of all elements in the given index .", "reverses the order of all index in the given interval .", "reverses the index of all elements in the given interval .", "reverses the order of all elements in the given length .", "reverses the length of all elements in the given interval ."]
["creates an instance from another byte source .", "creates a from another byte source .", "returns an instance from another byte source .", "creates an instance from given byte source .", "creates an instance from another byte source ."]
["get resource of the cosmos db table .", "get properties .", "get name .", "get properties of the cosmos db table .", "get resource resource ."]
["returns the j i r a issue with the primary key or throws a no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a issue with the primary key liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a issue with the primary key or throws a socialcoding no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a issue with the primary key or throws a socialcoding . no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a issue with the primary key . socialcoding . no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found ."]
["and o onto v inplace , i . e .", "and o onto v inplace", "and o onto v , i . e .", "and o onto v inplace . e .", "o onto v inplace , . e ."]
["populates the given collection with values from the given collection .", "populates the given list with values from the given collection .", "populates the given with values from the given collection .", "populates the given values from the given collection .", "populates the given collection from the given collection ."]
["this method assumes that it is already in an array .", "this method assumes that it is already in an array context .", "assumes that it is already in an array context .", "it is already in an array context .", "this method assumes that it is already in a array context ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for zip and debugging ."]
["getter accessor for attribute ' evaluation strategy ' .", "getter accessor for attribute ' evaluation ' .", "getter accessor for attribute ' strategy strategy ' .", "getter accessor for attribute ' strategy ' .", "getter accessor for evaluation strategy ' description ' ."]
["returns the function that has a media type whose quality factor matches the http request best .", "returns the function that has a list whose quality factor matches the http request best .", "returns the function that has a funcs type whose quality factor matches the http request best .", "returns the function that has a list type whose quality factor matches the http request best .", "returns the function that has a media funcs whose quality factor matches the http request best ."]
["returns the set of all compilation unit source type names ( both regular and super sourced ) .", "returns the set of all unit source unit type names ( both regular and super sourced ) .", "returns the set of all compilation unit unit source names ( both regular and super sourced ) .", "returns the set of all compilation compilation source type names ( both regular and super sourced ) .", "returns the set of all compilation source unit type names ( both regular and super sourced ) ."]
["expands the given items .", "expands the given . .", "expands the given item .", "expands the item .", "expands the items item ."]
["destroys all the keys created during this test run .", "destroys the the keys created during this test run .", "destroys all the keys created during the test run .", "destroys all a keys created during this test run .", "tear all the keys created during this test run ."]
["negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a no origin .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a null no .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a no no origin .", "negative test , when a cors request no , with a null origin .", "negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a origin ."]
["the string passed in is assumed to be a canonical name - it is not checked .", "the string passed in is assumed to be a name - it is not checked .", "the string passed in is assumed to be a canonical - it is not checked .", "the string passed in is assumed to be canonical name - it is not checked .", "the string passed in is assumed to be a canonical name it is not checked ."]
["starts a resumable upload to a share .", "returns a resumable upload to a share .", "starts the resumable upload to the share .", "starts an resumable upload to an share .", "starts an file upload to a share ."]
["get the sqrt - normalized mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )", "get the sqrt mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )", "get the sqrt - normalized mutual information ( 0 = unequal )", "get the sqrt - normalized mutual information 0 = unequal )", "get the sqrt - normalized mutual information )"]
["see method visitor # try catch annotation .", "see method visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "see visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "method visitor # visit try catch annotation .", "see method visitor # unsupported try catch annotation ."]
["the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be etd type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # type ( ) product type must be product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown ."]
["adds a column / value pair to the values inserted by this insert statement .", "adds a column pair to the values inserted by this insert statement .", "adds a / value pair to the values inserted by this insert statement .", "adds a value pair to the values inserted by this insert statement .", "adds a column / value pair to the values inserted by this insert ."]
["collects all load .", "collects all statements .", "collects the load statements .", "collects load statements .", "collects all load statements ."]
["the ec vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key create options vault key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure ec key vault key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key ec create key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the ec key vault key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "- when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected ."]
["by default this is set to codec readers with defaults .", "by default this is set to readers codec configurer with defaults .", "by default this is set to readers configurer with defaults .", "by default this is set to server readers with defaults .", "by default this is set to server readers configurer with defaults ."]
["if not in position swap it with a [ a [ p ] - 1 ]", "if not in nums swap it with a [ a [ p ] - 1 ]", "it with a [ a [ p ] - 1 ]", "if not in position swap it with a [ a [ p ] - nums ]", "if nums in position swap it with a [ a [ p ] - 1 ]"]
["returns session token so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session session so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session token2 so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .", "returns session token2 so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 token ."]
["apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "apply the rotation transformation of the quaterniondc to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin ."]
["sets the database id of the entity to whom this permission is granted .", "sets the entity id of the user to whom this permission is granted .", "sets the database id of the to whom this permission is granted .", "sets the database entity of the user to whom this permission is granted .", "sets the database id of the user to whom this permission is granted ."]
["create a working , portable runtime of multi bit in a temporary directory", "create a working , checkpoints runtime of multi bit in a temporary directory", "create a working , portable runtime of bit in a temporary directory", "create a working , multibit runtime of multi bit in a temporary directory", "create a working runtime of multi bit in a temporary directory"]
["loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "properties over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the properties properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the key properties key and properties key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .", "loop over the properties properties properties and call properties client # get properties ( properties properties properties properties ) ."]
["the meta - property for the repo group property .", "the meta - property for the group property .", "the meta - property for the repo group property .", "the meta - property for the repo group repo .", "the meta - property for the repo group property ."]
["set search key .", "token set search key .", "set search key token .", "set token key .", "set key token key ."]
["test an xqarray used as a lifo stack .", "test a used as a lifo stack .", "test an stack used as a lifo stack .", "test an array used as a lifo stack .", "test a array used as a lifo stack ."]
["if label filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if label = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if labels = \" abc \" , label filter with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned ."]
["pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix and store the result in .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix and store the result in .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given object to this matrix and store the result in .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in ."]
["shows role - manager user .", "shows permissions - manager user .", "shows roles - manager user .", "shows role permissions user .", "role roles - manager user ."]
["this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # returns name escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get escape escape ( ) .", "this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get escape name escape ( ) ."]
["this method uses a concurrent hash map for caching method lookups .", "this method uses a hash map for caching method lookups .", "this method uses a concurrent hash map .", "this method uses a message hash map for caching method lookups .", "this method uses an concurrent hash map for caching method lookups ."]
["removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity id .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified namespaced entity id .", "removes all metadata ( including metadata and tags ) for the specified namespaced entity id .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified mds entity id .", "removes all metadata ( including properties and metadata ) for the specified namespaced entity id ."]
["returns the default impl provider .", "returns the impl selector provider .", "returns the default instance .", "returns the default selector provider .", "returns the default provider ."]
["resets the prng to the creation state .", "returns the prng back to the creation state .", "resets back to the creation state .", "resets the prng back to the seed state .", "set the prng back to the creation state ."]
["returns the election id last used in a master arbitration update message sent by the client to the server .", "returns the election id last used in a master arbitration update message sent by the clients to the server .", "returns the election id last used in a master arbitration update message sent by the client to the clients .", "returns the clients id last used in a master arbitration update message sent by the client to the server .", "returns the election id last used in a clients arbitration update message sent by the client to the server ."]
["tries to find a doi inside the given text .", "tries to find the doi inside the given text .", "tries to find a doi .", "tries to find an doi inside the given text .", "tries to find a public doi inside the given text ."]
["returns true if field ttl action is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field ttl action ( has been assigned and false otherwise"]
["keep persistent copies of all pages , by default on disk .", "keep persistent copies of the pages , by default on disk .", "keep persistent copies of all pages , by default on the disk .", "keep persistent copies of all store , by default on disk .", "keep persistent copies of all persistent , by default on disk ."]
["anything less than 2 would close the cursor so that is the minimum batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size .", "anything less than 2 would close the cursor so that is the batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size .", "anything less than 2 would close the cursor so that is the batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size .", "anything less than 2 would close the cursor so that is the calculate batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size .", "anything less than 2 would close the batch so that is the minimum batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size ."]
["the negative of starts with is not with .", "the negative of with is # not with .", "the negative of starts with is not with .", "the negative of starts with is with .", "the negative with is # starts not with ."]
["by default this is set to server codec readers with defaults .", "by default this is set to codec readers with defaults .", "by default this is set to readers codec configurer with defaults .", "by default this is set to server readers with defaults .", "by default this is set to readers configurer with defaults ."]
["by default it will be setup / teardown per test .", "by default it will be setup / teardown per test ( per test method ) .", "by default it will be setup teardown ( per test .", "will be setup / teardown per test ( per test .", "by default it will be setup teardown per test ( per test method ) ."]
["queries this contact for the given query string .", "queries this create contact for the given query string .", "queries this contact source .", "queries this contact source for the given query .", "queries this create contact contact for the given query string ."]
["locks a policy for execution .", "locks a policy .", "locks a because for execution .", "locks a policy for because .", "locks a could for execution ."]
["writer for genotypes writer of arbitrary chromosomes .", "writer for genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes .", "writer for writer genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes .", "writer for writer of arbitrary chromosomes .", "writer for genotypes of writer chromosomes ."]
["creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified feature settings and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified uris settings and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified feature uris and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified feature uri and path to one or more catalog files .", "creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified uri settings and path to one or more catalog files ."]
["gets whether the user can sort this column .", "returns whether the user can sort this column or not .", "gets whether the sortable can sort this column or not .", "gets whether the user can sort this column .", "gets whether the user can sort the column or not ."]
["this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , vector real , vector real , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , real <INSERT_END> , real <INSERT_END> , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , real collection , real , real , real vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration , real training estimator , collection , vector , vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , real vector , vector , double ) to train the feature ."]
["chops the path and the file suffix of the specified filename and returns the database name .", "chops the path and the file suffix of the specified filename .", "chops the path and the file suffix of the specified returns the database name .", "chops the path and the file suffix of the specified returns the database name .", "chops the path and the file suffix of the specified filename ."]
["reads type system property .", "reads boolean type property .", "reads boolean type system .", "reads string type system property .", "reads type type system property ."]
["sets the border size that defines the border for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the border size that defines the border range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the border size that defines the size range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry border sentry robot sentry robot .", "sets the border size that defines the for a robocode . border sentry border sentry robot ."]
["implementation of the button ' s on submit .", "before implementation of the button ' s on submit .", "final implementation of the button ' s .", "the button ' s on submit .", "final implementation of this ' s on submit ."]
["sets a new value by changing the offset and doc id .", "sets a new value by changing the offset .", "sets a new value by changing the offset and offset id .", "sets a new value by offset the offset and doc id .", "sets a new offset by changing the offset and doc id ."]
["must be larger than the last successfully claimed key .", "must be larger than the last claimed key .", "must be larger than the last key claimed key .", "must be larger than the last successfully claimed byte .", "must be larger than the last successfully claimed key or key ."]
["test of local method , of class abitracer .", "test of local method .", "test of test method , of class abitracer .", "test of local method , of file abitracer .", "test of class abitracer ."]
["execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the provided test engine .", "execute tests for a given discovery request using the provided test .", "execute tests for the given engine discovery request using the provided test engine .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request .", "execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the provided engine ."]
["client initiated - no data - alternate close code", "client initiated - no data close code", "client initiated - no data - alternate close code .", "test client initiated - no data - alternate close code", "client test - no data - alternate close code"]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list properties of of issuers # context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list properties of issuers # context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list properties issuers # context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list properties of of of issuers # context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list . properties of issuers # context"]
["this function will set the hcat token to jobconf", "this function will set the token to jobconf", "this function will set the configuration to jobconf", "this function will set the configuration token to jobconf", "this function will set the launcher to jobconf"]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .", "this method must only be used for type references whose target is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter ."]
["produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed semantic graph .", "starts a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces an ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["set resource of the user defined function .", "set resource user of the user defined function .", "set of the user defined function .", "set user defined function .", "set the user defined function ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns the asset with the primary key or throws a no such asset exception if it could not be found .", "returns the asset with the primary key or throws a ams no such asset exception if it could not be found .", "returns the asset with the primary key liferay . ams . no such asset exception if it could not be found .", "returns the asset with the primary key or throws a ams . no such asset exception if it could not be found .", "returns the asset with the primary key or throws ams . no such asset exception if it could not be found ."]
["servlet version based implementations will receive write listener # on error ( throwable ) event .", "version based implementations will receive write listener # on error ( throwable ) event .", "servlet version based implementations will receive listener # on error ( throwable ) event .", "servlet version based implementations will receive write listener # on error ( ) event .", "ex version based implementations will receive write listener # on error ( throwable ) event ."]
["returns the value parameters as map .", "returns the query parameters as value .", "returns the query parameters .", "returns the query value as map .", "returns the query parameters as map ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of records as defined by records .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records defined by .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined records .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of records as defined by expected records ."]
["set the value of clustername , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of clustername , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of clustername in parameter comment .", "set the value of clustername before , used in parameter comment .", "set the value of , used in parameter comment ."]
["returns the currently selected selected nodes", "returns the currently selected device selected nodes", "returns the currently selected nodes nodes", "returns the currently selected selected", "returns the currently selected device selected nodes"]
["returns menu button icon .", "returns menu icon .", "returns button icon .", "returns icon .", "returns menu ."]
["returns all applications of a tenant", "returns all application of a tenant", "returns all instances of a tenant", "returns an application of a tenant", "returns all instances of an application tenant"]
["writes value followed by delimiter character .", "writes value followed by character .", "writes value followed .", "writes value followed by newline delimiter .", "writes value followed by newline ."]
["creates a key value matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a key matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates an key value matcher to match against a slot position .", "creates a property matcher to match against a slot position ."]
["an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from arguments . , failed _ truncated -", "an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments ."]
["embeds the tag regions into an image ( represented as an abstract file ) .", "buffered the tag regions into an image ( represented as an abstract file ) .", "embeds the buffered regions into an image ( represented as an abstract file ) .", "embeds the tag regions into an image ( represented as an buffered file ) .", "embeds the tag regions into a image ( represented as an abstract file ) ."]
["get resource of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace .", "get properties of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace .", "get name of the properties db cassandra keyspace .", "get properties keyspace .", "get properties ."]
["invoke builder . new requires ( set mods , string mn )", "invoke builder . new requires ( set mods mn )", "invoke builder . new requires ( set mods , string mn )", "invoke builder . new requires ( set string , string mn )", "invoke builder . new requires ( set mods )"]
["if this lookup object has full privilege access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has private full privilege , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has full access , then the caller class is the lookup class .", "if this lookup object has privilege privilege access , then the caller class is the lookup class ."]
["merges this frame with the given frame .", "merges this frame with the given n .", "merges this n with the given frame .", "merges this frame with the given changed .", "changed this frame with the given frame ."]
["set the delimiter .", "add the delimiter .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the delimiter ."]
["clears the value of the ' bloom filter ' field", "clears the value of the ' filter ' field", "clears the value of the ' bloom ' field", "clears the value of the filter ' field", "clears the value of the ' clear filter ' field"]
["creates new day of year in utc in utc .", "creates new day of utc in utc in utc .", "creates new day of year in year in utc .", "creates new day of year .", "creates new day of year in utc in utc ."]
["if key filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "abc \" , settings with a key starting with \" abc \" are returned ."]
["makes a copy of this offset and removes any added terms that are accesses to the length of the listed sequences .", "makes a copy of this offset and removes any added terms that are accesses to the length of the listed sequence .", "makes a copy of this offset and removes any sequences terms that are accesses to the length of the listed arrays .", "makes a copy of this offset and removes any added sequences that are accesses to the length of the listed arrays .", "makes a copy of this offset and removes any added terms that are accesses to the length of the listed sequences ."]
["this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( quaterniondc quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights ."]
["update starting head in the data store .", "update current starting head in the data store .", "update current head segment in the data store .", "update starting head segment in the data store .", "update current head in the data store ."]
["construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the obj struct .", "construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity .", "construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct ."]
["gets the value of the component name property .", "gets the value of the name property .", "gets the value of the component property .", "gets the value of the component name property", "gets the value of the externe name property ."]
["if - - interface is specified , - - interface and - - default search result will be visible", "if - - interface is interface , - - entity and - - default search result will be visible", "if - - interface is specified , - interface and - - default search result will be visible", "if - - interface is specified , - - entity and - - default search result will be visible", "if - - interface is specified , - - entity and - - default search result will be visible"]
["indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied string .", "indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied id .", "indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied contact .", "indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied string id .", "indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied ."]
["this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of - printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .", "this function implements a subset of printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 ."]
["options vault key key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "rsa key create options vault key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "rsa key rsa create key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "rsa key rsa vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "rsa key create options vault # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor ."]
["gets the iterable of deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the elements of deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the stream of deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page ."]
["stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # submit ( work ) .", "stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # work ( task ) .", "stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # submit .", "stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # submit ( task ) .", "stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # submit ( ) ."]
["sets the specified value to the baseline uses context field .", "sets the specified value to the bool uses context field .", "sets the specified value to the baseline field .", "sets the specified value to the bool field .", "sets the specified value to the baseline uses field ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["converts the provided outcome to a message describing the outcome .", "converts the provided error to a message describing the error .", "converts the provided error to a message describing the outcome .", "converts the to a message describing the outcome .", "converts the error to a message describing the outcome ."]
["write the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught .", "write the task state to the provisioner provisioner , retrying if any exception is caught .", "write the task state to the provisioner provisioning , retrying if any exception is caught .", "write the task state to the provisioner , retrying if any exception is caught .", "write the task state to the provisioner store store , retrying if any exception is caught ."]
["bind contract provider model to a provider instance using the supplied injection manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider instance using the injection manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider injection using the supplied injection manager .", "bind contract provider model to a provider instance using the supplied instance injection .", "bind contract provider model to a injection instance using the supplied instance manager ."]
["the ec vault key key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the create create key key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the create vault key key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key ec create key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key create options vault key # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["fallback can throw an ioexception when no fallback is available .", "tk fallback can throw an ioexception when no fallback is available .", "tk fallback can throw a when no fallback is available .", "tk fallback can throw when no fallback is available .", "tk fallback can throw no fallback is available ."]
["set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) .", "set the incoming binding sets associated with the query optimized astbinding set ( after running the optimizers ) ."]
["produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed graph with no extras .", "produces a collapsed semantic graph .", "produces a semantic graph with no extras .", "starts a collapsed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["process the given path to be used .", "process the given path path to be used .", "path the given resource path to be used .", "process the resource path to be used .", "process this resource path to be used ."]
["as a special case , resources ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . stream \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . resource \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resources ending with \" . input \" are never encapsulated .", "as a special case , resource ending with \" . class \" are never encapsulated ."]
["register a health check to the set of health checks based on app name .", "a health check to the set of health checks based on app name .", "register a health check to the set of health checks based on name .", "register a health check to the set checks based on app .", "register a type check to the set of type checks based on app name ."]
["search for a partial match pattern the start of the data .", "search for a partial match of the pattern at the start of the data .", "search for a match of the pattern at the start of the data .", "search for a partial of the pattern at the start of the data .", "search for a partial match of the pattern ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory , timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory source timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory , 366 timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory if possible timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory in the given timezone timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["get discount amount .", "get amount .", "get discount .", "get big decimal .", "get big decimal amount ."]
["produce the result for a particular clustering .", "produce the compute result for a particular clustering .", "produce the confidence result for a particular clustering .", "returns the evaluation result for a particular clustering .", "compute the evaluation result for a particular clustering ."]
["returns active hierarchy mapper", "returns hierarchy hierarchy mapper", "returns active hierarchy mapper", "returns active hierarchy . mapper", "returns hierarchy hierarchy hierarchy mapper"]
["update starting head in the data store .", "update current starting head in the data store .", "update current head segment in the data store .", "update starting head segment in the data store .", "update current head in the data store ."]
["log access to a target class by a caller class .", "log access to a target class .", "log access to a by a class .", "log access to a supplier class by a caller class .", "log access to a by a caller class ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["total runtime size is 1296 bytes", "runtime size is 1296 bytes", "total runtime size is 1296 bytes .", "%UNK% runtime size is 1296 bytes", "total runtime size is %UNK% bytes"]
["determines whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter ( char )", "determines whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter", "determines whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter ( char )", "returns whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter ( char )", "determines whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter ( letter )"]
["tests that when an configuration etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag configuration is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only configuration set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .", "tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting configuration has the etag ."]
["each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the guice di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique to the guice di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the di container .", "each type will be instantiated by bootique .", "bootique and added to the guice di container ."]
["wraps a loaded value to add the refreshed value .", "wraps a loaded value to add the value .", "wraps a loaded value to add the refreshed value .", "wraps a loaded value to add the refresh refreshed .", "wraps a loaded value to refreshed the refresh value ."]
["get the preferences for given project .", "get the core for given project .", "get the preferences for core project .", "get the preferences for given core .", "get a preferences for given project ."]
["return the locked of this parameter map .", "return the locked state .", "return the locked state of this parameter .", "return the state of this parameter map .", "return the locked state of this map ."]
["sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the journal namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the namespace , returning the builder for method chaining .", "sets the serializer , returning the builder for method chaining ."]
["unregisters the given mbeans .", "stop the given mbeans ( untracked ) .", "unregisters the given stop ( untracked ) .", "unregisters the given ( untracked ) .", "the given stop ( untracked ) ."]
["determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "determines whether a is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import .", "determines a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .", "is whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) ."]
["get all pinot offline table names", "returns all pinot offline table names", "get all offline offline table names", "get the pinot offline table names", "gets all pinot offline table names"]
["set tab .", "set sub .", "set bestellmenge .", "set merkmal .", "set untergruppe ."]
["the property of this node", "the property of the node", "a property of this node", "this property of this node", "an property of this node"]
["get the application - configured injection manager .", "get the application - configured manager .", "get the injection - configured instance manager .", "get the application - configured injection manager .", "get the - configured instance manager ."]
["get instance manager .", "get instance .", "instance manager locator .", "get instance manager instance .", "get instance locator ."]
["if the value is null , then the default value is returned .", "if the value is null .", "if the value is uri , then the default value is returned .", "if the value is false , then the default value is returned .", "if the value is null"]
["within the chart ' s domain and range ) represented by the given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect all margins .", "within the chart ' s domain and range ) represented by the given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect all margins .", "within the chart ' s domain and range ) represented by the given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect all margins .", "within ' s domain and range ) represented by given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect minus all margins .", "within the chart ' s domain and range ) represented by the given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect all margins ."]
["gets the entity .", "gets the entity name .", "gets the entity entity .", "gets the entity id .", "gets the entity query ."]
["creates an audit entry for the ' api version created ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service api created ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' api created ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the api service version created ' event .", "creates an audit entry for the ' service version api ' event ."]
["print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser", "print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser .", "scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser", "print scored parse trees for %UNK% sentence in format used by charniak parser", "print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser"]
["may be null if the host is unknown or explicitly omitted .", "may be null if the string is unknown or explicitly omitted .", "may be null if the is unknown or explicitly omitted .", "may be null if the host host is unknown or explicitly omitted .", "may be null if host is unknown or explicitly omitted ."]
["validates that the client is properly configured for using cpk .", "validates that the https is properly configured for using cpk .", "validates that the validation is properly configured for using cpk .", "validates that the client is https configured for using cpk .", "validates that this is properly configured for using cpk ."]
["collects data how often components are created", "collects data how components are created", "collects data how often components are created .", "collects data how %UNK% components are created", "collects data how often components are %UNK%"]
["returns a range of all the sync d l objects where modified time id = ? .", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where modified time , id = ? .", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where modified time r id = ? .", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where m time id = ? .", "returns a range of all the sync d l objects where repository time id = ? ."]
["equivalent to load ( module , true ) .", "equivalent to load ( , true ) .", "equivalent to load ( module , true ) .", "equivalent to load ( true ) .", "equivalent to load ."]
["report the algebraic area between function axis , from x1 to x2 .", "report the algebraic area between function , from x1 to x2 .", "report the area between function and x axis , from x1 to x2 .", "report the algebraic area x axis , from x1 to x2 .", "report the algebraic area between function and axis , from x1 to x2 ."]
["getter parameter value for statement", "getter parameter value for statement date", "getter parameter value for statementdate", "getter parameter value for statement .", "getter parameter value for date date"]
["whether there is currently a active execution .", "whether there is currently an active execution .", "whether there is currently a execution .", "whether there is a bound execution .", "whether there is active a bound execution ."]
["creates an fx swap using decimal forward points , specifying a date adjustment .", "creates an fx swap using forward points , specifying a date adjustment .", "creates an fx swap using decimal points , specifying a date adjustment .", "creates an fx swap using using decimal points , specifying a date adjustment .", "creates an fx swap using forward decimal points , specifying a date adjustment ."]
["perform a depth - first search of jar interdependencies , breaking cycles if necessary , to determine the final classpath element order .", "recursively perform a depth - first search of interdependencies , breaking cycles if necessary , to determine the final classpath element order .", "recursively perform a depth - first search of jar interdependencies , breaking cycles if necessary , to determine the classpath element order .", "recursively perform a depth - first search of jar interdependencies , breaking cycles if necessary , to determine the final classpath element order .", "recursively perform a depth - first search of jar interdependencies to determine the final classpath element order ."]
["sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline and the given timeline change reason .", "sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline reason .", "sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline .", "sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline and the given timeline reason .", "sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline and the change reason ."]
["sets the allowed context map .", "sets the forbidden allowed map .", "sets the context map .", "sets the forbidden context map .", "sets the allowed context context map ."]
["calculate sum of squares of all elements in the matrix", "calculate sum of squares of the elements in the matrix", "sum of squares of all elements in the matrix", "calculate sum of squares of all elements in a matrix", "returns sum of squares of all elements in the matrix"]
["binds views for the given kind section data .", "binds views for the given kind section data list .", "binds views for the given kind section data .", "binds views for the given kind section list .", "binds views for the given kind section data kind ."]
["copies the specified clong buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified pointer buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified clong buffer to the data . clong field .", "copies the specified clong buffer to the data . l field ."]
["visit all of the jdbc mapping associated with this this writeable .", "visit all of the sql expressable types associated with this this writeable .", "visit all of the expressable types associated with this this writeable .", "visit all of the jdbc associated with this this writeable .", "visit all of the jdbc mapping types associated with this this writeable ."]
["binds the specified service .", "binds the specified http under the specified directory .", "http the specified service under the specified directory .", "binds the specified service under the specified http .", "binds the http specified service under the specified directory ."]
["checks whether replacing array with sequence array in this qualifier creates replacement array ' s entry in other .", "checks whether replacing array with sequence array in this qualifier creates sequence array ' s entry in other .", "checks whether replacing array with replacement array in this qualifier creates sequence array ' s entry in other .", "checks whether replacing array with replacement array in this qualifier creates sequence array ' s entry in other .", "checks whether replacing array with replacement sequence in this qualifier creates replacement array ' s entry in other ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["add insert value .", "add insert value unit .", "add insert optimized unit .", "add insert optimized insert value .", "add insert optimized insert unit ."]
["block for a collection of futures , with an optional timeout for each future .", "block for a collection of nanoseconds , with an optional timeout for each future .", "block for a collection of wait , with an optional timeout for each future .", "for a collection of futures , with an optional timeout for each future .", "block for a collection of timeout , with an optional timeout for each future ."]
["if an empty item stack , or none of the type material # firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created .", "if an empty item stack , or none of the type # firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created .", "if an empty item stack , or none of the type material _ rocket # firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created .", "if an empty item stack , or none of the type material # _ rocket firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created .", "if an empty item stack , or none of the type type _ rocket # firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created ."]
["simple test - - dump and execute app jar with the given class list in classlist .", "simple test - - dump and execute app jar with the given class list classes in classlist .", "simple test - - dump and execute app jar with the given class in classlist .", "simple test - - dump and execute class list jar with the given class list classes in classlist .", "simple test - - dump and app jar with the given app class list in classlist ."]
["creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed width field lengths instance based on the headers and field lengths .", "creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed field fields instance based on the headers and field lengths .", "creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed width fields instance based on the headers and fields .", "creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed lengths instance based on the headers and lengths .", "creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed instance based on the headers and field lengths ."]
["must hold ,", "must executes ,", "must fits ,", "must starts ,", "is hold ,"]
["resolution for each tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "tick ns for each tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each tick ns of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each ns tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each tick of the ns wheel for scheduling deadlines ."]
["if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the", "if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value", "if the jar file has - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the", "if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the main", "if the module file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the"]
["colors and labels that will be appended to the end of the auto calculated colors and labels arrays after calculating the legend .", "colors and labels that will be appended to the end of the auto colors labels arrays after calculating the legend .", "colors that will be appended to the end of the auto calculated colors arrays after calculating the legend .", "colors and labels that will be appended to the end of the auto calculated entries and labels arrays after calculating the legend .", "colors and labels that will be appended to the end of the auto colors entries and labels arrays after calculating the legend ."]
["create an access log element implementation which needs name string", "create an access log element implementation which needs string", "create an access log element implementation which needs name", "create an access log element implementation which needs header string", "create an access log element implementation which needs name string"]
["so we call utils # r suicide ( string ) instead .", "so we call rsuicide # r suicide ( string ) instead .", "so we call # r suicide ( string ) instead .", "so we call utils # r suicide instead .", "so we call utils # rsuicide suicide ( string ) instead ."]
["note that this method doesn ' t serialize the char sequence of the twitter token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary .", "note that this method doesn ' t serialize the char sequence of the twitter token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary .", "note that this method doesn ' t serialize char sequence of the the twitter token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary .", "note that this method doesn ' t serialize char sequence of of the twitter token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary .", "note that this method doesn ' t serialize the char sequence of the token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary ."]
["monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled or schedules annotations , only if is added in application . yml .", "monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled or schedules annotations , only if is added in yml .", "monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled or schedules annotations , only if is added in . yml .", "monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled or schedules annotations , only if is added in", "monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled only if is added in application . yml ."]
["discard the peaks that are too light compared with the others , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors .", "the peaks that are too light compared with the others , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors .", "discard the peaks that are too light compared with the peak , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors .", "peaks the peaks that are too light compared with the others , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors .", "peak the peaks that are too light compared with the others , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors ."]
["acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "%UNK% a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the pool ; returns one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .", "acquire a saxparser from the %UNK% ; create one if it doesn ' t exist ."]
["get all supported providers", "get all providers realms", "get all supported realms", "get all providers", "get all supported providers"]
["loads the class defined by the specified name .", "loads the class defined by the specified name and path .", "returns the class defined by the specified name and path .", "create the class defined by the specified name and path .", "loads a class defined by a specified name and path ."]
["query query for the given query string .", "returns query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "gets query for the given query string .", "get query for the given query string ."]
["implementations of starlark value may define their own behavior of repr .", "implementations of value may define their own behavior of repr .", "implementations of skylark value may define their own behavior of repr .", "implementations starlark skylark value may define their own behavior of repr .", "implementations of skylark starlark value may define their own behavior of repr ."]
["with this hmm as the initial model , learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this hmm as the initial model , update an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "this hmm as learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this hmm as the initial model , t an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .", "with this hmm as the initial model - welch algorithm ."]
["checks if secondary package , i . e .", "checks if secondary pkg , i . e .", "checks if pkg package , i . e .", "checks if secondary package", "checks if secondary hash , i . e ."]
["runs the test launcher with the given arguments .", "runs the test with the given arguments .", "test the java launcher with the given arguments .", "runs the .", "runs the launcher with the given arguments ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action ."]
["adds local continuous task object .", "adds local task object .", "adds continuous task object .", "adds continuous local task object .", "adds adds local task object ."]
["test of variance method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of variance method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test variance var method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of var method , of class shifted geometric distribution .", "test of method , variance class shifted geometric distribution ."]
["gets the api either from the cache or from es .", "gets the api either from the api or from es .", "gets the api .", "gets the api from the cache or from es .", "gets the api or from es ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get the list of statuses concerning the given events .", "get the list of composite concerning the given events and the current user .", "get the list of statuses composite the given events and the current user .", "get the list concerning the given events and the current user .", "get a list of statuses concerning a given events and a current user ."]
["builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and a indicator .", "builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series ."]
["serialize the given object .", "serialize the object .", "returns the given object .", "serialize a given object .", "serialize the given serialization ."]
["checks the consistency of the transactions .", "checks the consistency .", "starts the consistency of the transactions .", "checks the consistency of the transaction .", "checks a consistency of a transactions ."]
["set movement .", "set set movement .", "set lieferdatum .", "set lieferdatum movement .", "set movement lieferdatum ."]
["wraps up any pending operations for the current phase and switches to the next phase .", "wraps up any pending operations for the current phase .", "wraps up any pending operations for the and switches to the next phase .", "wraps up any pending operations for the current phase", "wraps up any operations for the current phase and switches to the next phase ."]
["other method on binding will be ignored .", "other method on bindings will be ignored .", "other method on injection will be ignored .", "other method on resolver will be ignored .", "other method on descriptor will be ignored ."]
["returns all the unique combinations of dimension values which have values set reachable from this profile .", "returns all the combinations of dimension values which have values set reachable from this profile .", "returns all the unique combinations of dimension values which have values set from this profile .", "returns the the unique combinations of dimension values which have values set reachable from this profile .", "returns all the unique combinations of dimension values which have values set reachable from the profile ."]
["for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "for el need to unquote everything but the need to convert anything .", "to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "note : for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .", "but no need to convert anything ."]
["returns the index for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number", "returns the scalar for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number", "returns the scalar index for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number", "returns the function for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number", "returns the scalar function for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number"]
["returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # parent parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # name parent layer .", "returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # layer ."]
["check predicate for field which has simple char array type ( byte [ ] ) .", "check predicate for field which has simple char array type .", "check predicate for blobs which has simple char array type ( byte [ ] ) .", "check predicate for simple which has simple char array type ( byte [ ] ) .", "check predicate for field which has simple char array type ) ."]
["config madvoc config once web application is started .", "madvoc config once web application is started .", "config returns madvoc app config once web application is started .", "returns madvoc consumer madvoc config once web application is started .", "config returns madvoc consumer config once web application is started ."]
["returns true if the given port exists in the given ports list .", "returns true if the given port exists in the given list .", "returns true if the given port exists in the given match list .", "returns true if the given port exists in the given port2 list .", "returns true if the given port exists in the given port list ."]
["test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a unrecognized containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory1 containing a file starting with \" .", "test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with \" ."]
["this method has no effect if the package is already exported to the given module .", "this method has no effect if the package has not already exported to the given module .", "this method has no or opens effect if the package is already exported to the given module .", "this method has no effect if the package or opens is already exported to the given module .", "this method has no effect if the package is already exported to the given package or opens ."]
["handles listing of shallow metric .", "handles of shallow metric representations .", "handles listing of shallow representations .", "handles listing of shallow metric resource .", "handles listing metric representations ."]
["if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest branch - lived branch \" is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 .", "if lived branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 .", "if main branch = 100 locs and the \" largest - lived branch \" is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 ."]
["if the string argument is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned janus graph .", "if the string argument is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned titan graph .", "if the janus argument is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned titan graph .", "if the string janus is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned titan graph .", "if the string argument is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned janus graph ."]
["resolve host part of the given uri to the bottom a - record or the latest available cname", "resolve host part of the given uri to the eureka a - record or the latest available cname", "eureka host part of the given uri to the bottom a - record or the latest available cname", "resolve host part of the given eureka to the bottom a - record or the latest available cname", "resolve host part of the given uri to the bottom a - eureka or the latest available cname"]
["creates a new http service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates a new http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates a new http authorization service decorator .", "creates a new http http service decorator using the specified authorizers .", "creates an http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers ."]
["returns the set of points less whose data values are within the range of interest .", "returns the set of less whose data values are within the range of interest .", "returns the set of less points whose data values are within the range of interest .", "returns the set of points whose data values are within the range of interest .", "returns the set of points whose less values are within the range of interest ."]
["or throws a no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a socialcoding no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found", "liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found ."]
["the prefix for the first matching predicate is used , assuming the input map has predictable order .", "the prefix for the matching predicate is used , assuming the input map has predictable order .", "the first matching predicate is used , assuming the input map has predictable order .", "is used , assuming the input map has predictable order .", "used , assuming the input map has predictable order ."]
["the returned login is not validated .", "the returned user is not validated .", "the returned is not validated .", "the returned token is not validated .", "the login is not validated ."]
["opens a janus graph with the previously configured options .", "opens a graph with the previously configured options .", "opens a janus graph graph with the previously configured options .", "opens an janus graph with the previously configured options .", "opens a titan graph with the previously configured options ."]
["keys # egg _ time", "keys # egg time", "keys # time _ timer", "keys # egg _ time", "time # egg _ timer"]
["an encog division by zero exception can occur .", "an encog by zero exception can occur .", "an encog division can occur .", "division by zero exception can occur .", "an encog division by zero can occur ."]
["the ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the create ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the key ec key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec create key options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .", "the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified ."]
["primitive operation which removes and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "operation which removes and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "removes and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "primitive operation which returns and returns the node at the head of the frontier .", "primitive operation which remove and returns the node at the head of the frontier ."]
["this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . username", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . username", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . due", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . prj user", "this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . username username"]
["semaphore based rate limiter is totally blocking by it ' s nature .", "based rate limiter is totally blocking by it ' s nature .", "limiter is totally blocking by it ' s nature .", "rate limiter is totally blocking by it ' s nature .", "rate is totally blocking by it ' s nature ."]
["checks jtree model support .", "checks jtree and tree model .", "checks jtree and tree model support .", "checks jtree and tree model support .", "checks jtree and model support ."]
["returns true if the server has a cluster .", "returns true if the server has a cluster .", "gets true if the server has a cluster .", "returns true if the server has the cluster .", "returns true if this server has a cluster ."]
["atomically updates the current lo value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "updates the current lo value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "atomically updates the current lo value with the results of add the given delta , returning the updated value .", "get updates the current lo value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .", "atomically updates the current lo value with the results of returns the given delta , returning the updated value ."]
["or throws a no such app exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such app exception if it could not be found", "or throws a marketplace no such app exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such app exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a marketplace . no such app exception if it could not be found ."]
["ratpack . promise (", ". promise (", "promise (", "rx ratpack . promise (", "observable ratpack . promise ("]
["# # # \u24d8 further information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin is irreversible .", "\u24d8 further information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin is irreversible .", "information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin", "# # further information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin is irreversible .", "\u24d8 further information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin is irreversible ."]
["see # set padding ( float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding , float , int , int , int )", "see # set padding ( int float , int , int )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )", "see # set padding ( float , float , float , float )"]
["call key to string ( ) on the underlying key .", "call key key to string ( ) on the underlying key .", "key key to string ( ) on the underlying key .", "call factory . to string ( ) on the underlying .", "key factory . key to string ( ) on the underlying key ."]
["creates new iso day of week in the utc timezone .", "creates new iso day of week in the timezone .", "creates new iso day week in .", "creates new iso day of week in the utc .", "creates new iso day of week ."]
["test of variance method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of variance method , of class geometric distribution .", "test variance var method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of var method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , variance class geometric distribution ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image .", "computes the average for each height across all bands in the planar image ."]
["prepare project for using .", "prepare project", "prepare project .", "prepare project for from .", "prepare project for from ."]
["if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media items ( ) will return the list of children .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media items ( ) will return the list of children .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser library # get media items ( ) will return the list of children .", "if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media items ( ) will return the list of children .", "if it ' s successfully completed , result # get media items ( ) will return the list of children ."]
["index rewritings in nested xpath expressions ( gh - 1210 ) .", "gh1210 rewritings in nested xpath expressions ( gh - 1210 ) .", "index rewritings in nested xpath expressions .", "gh1210 in nested xpath expressions ( gh - 1210 ) .", "%UNK% rewritings in nested xpath expressions ( gh - 1210 ) ."]
["the meta - property for the zero rate sensitivity property .", "the meta - property for the zero property .", "the meta - property for the zero sensitivity property .", "the zero - property for the sensitivity property .", "the meta - property for the sensitivity zero rate property ."]
["test for xqarray builder # append ( array ) .", "test for xqarray builder # append ( xqarray ) .", "test builder # append ( array ) .", "test for xqarray builder # append ( xqarray ) .", "test for array builder # append ( xqarray ) ."]
["execute an reduce op along one or more dimensions", "execute an reduce along one or more dimensions", "execute a reduce op along one or more dimensions", "execute a reduce along one or more dimensions", "execute an accumulation along one or more dimensions"]
["returns the session string for admin user", "returns the session string", "returns the session string for admin user .", "returns the lang string for admin user", "returns the session string for user"]
["gets an ordered list of all of the upgrade checks .", "gets an ordered list of all of the built in upgrade checks .", "gets an ordered list of all of the built in the upgrade checks .", "gets an ordered list of all of the built in checks .", "gets an ordered list of all of the built in in upgrade checks ."]
["returns the jaas module entry of the specified realm , named as module name .", "returns the module entry of the specified realm , named as module name .", "returns the login module entry of the specified realm , named as module name .", "returns the jaas module entry of the specified realm .", "returns the module module entry of the specified realm , named as module name ."]
["sends a message to all connected clients except to the one with the given id .", "sends a message to all connected members except to the one with the given clients .", "sends a message to all members except to the one with the given id .", "sends a message to all connected members except to the one with the given id .", "sends a message to all connected except to the one with the given id ."]
["sets the minimum phi factor .", "sets the standard phi factor .", "sets the phi factor .", "sets the minimum phi factor .", "sets the standard phi factor ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["checks the dirty status of the ' repr url ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr url priority ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr priority ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr ' field .", "checks the status of the ' stm repr url ' field ."]
["workers should set their client side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request ) .", "should set their client side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request ) .", "workers should set their side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request )", "workers should set their client side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request )", "workers should set their client side socket timeout to at least 70 ( 10 higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request ) ."]
["when true the cookie should only be sent using a secure protocol ( https ) .", "when true the cookie should only be sent using a secure protocol .", "true the cookie should only be sent using a secure protocol ( .", "when true the cookie should only be sent using a secure ( https ) .", "the cookie should only be sent using a secure protocol ( https ."]
["network environment options # network _ buffers _ memory _ max .", "task manager options # network _ network environment _ memory _ max .", "network environment manager options # network _ buffers _ memory _ max .", "manager options # network buffers _ network environment _ max .", "task manager options # network _ network environment _ memory _ max ."]
["returns the width of the specified column has not been validated .", "returns the width of the specified column .", "returns the width of the specified column , or 0 if the table layout has not been validated .", "returns the width of the specified column layout has not been validated .", "returns the width of the specified column , has not been validated ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of two iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of two option .", "creates a for - comprehension of two comprehension option .", "creates a for - option of two iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module as a jmod .", "returns a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .", "creates reference to module packaged as a jmod .", "creates a module reference to a module packaged ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # http headers httpheaders", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set http headers # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # blob http", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # blob headers"]
["loop over the issuer properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( issuer properties issuer properties ) .", "properties over the issuer properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( issuer properties issuer properties ) .", "over the issuer properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( issuer properties issuer properties ) .", "loop over the issuer properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( properties of issuer properties issuer properties ) .", "loop over properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( issuer properties issuer properties ) ."]
["does not match the size of each part except the last must match the size specified in the corresponding", "does not match the size of each part except the last must match the size specified", "not match size of each part except the last must match the size specified in the", "not match size of each part except the last must match the size specified in the", "does not match the size of each part except the last must match the size specified"]
["ack message in message", "ack message in sqs", "ack message in legacy", "message message in sqs", "ack legacy in sqs"]
["getter for # allowed headers", "getter for # allowed", "getter for # allowed allowed", "getter for # allow allowed headers", "getter for # query headers"]
["jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .", "jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires", "jax version api is loaded from 0 , but jax ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .", "version api is loaded from 0 , but runtime requires version api .", "is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires ."]
["this will attempt to forcibly terminate currently executing tasks , and will remove pending tasks from the queue .", "this will attempt to forcibly terminate currently executing tasks , and will remove pending tasks from the work .", "this will attempt to forcibly terminate executing tasks , and will remove pending tasks from the queue .", "this will attempt to work terminate currently executing tasks , and will remove pending tasks from the queue .", "this will attempt to forcibly terminate currently executing tasks , and will remove work tasks from the queue ."]
["expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and test for g1 ( 2 pre + 2 post ) .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and 4 for test ( 2 pre + 2 post ) .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and test allocation for g1 ( 2 pre + 2 post ) .", "expected test barriers for the serial gc and 4 for g1 ( 2 pre + 2 post ) .", "expected 2 barriers for the serial gc for g1 ( 2 ) ."]
["handle chicks when the egg breaks .", "handle spawning chicks when the egg .", "handle spawning chicks .", "handle spawning chicks when egg breaks .", "handle hatch chicks when the egg breaks ."]
["fetch objects to a local disk up to fetch config # max fetch capacity bytes .", "fetch objects to a local disk up to prefetch fetch # max fetch capacity bytes .", "fetch objects to a local disk up to config # max fetch capacity bytes .", "fetch objects to a local disk up to fetch # max fetch capacity bytes .", "fetch objects to a local disk up to prefetch config # max fetch capacity bytes ."]
["create a new mongo client with defaults suitable for replica set usage .", "create a new com . mongo client with defaults suitable for replica set usage .", "create a new mongo client with defaults suitable for set usage .", "create a mongo client with defaults suitable for replica set usage .", "create a new com . mongodb . mongo client with defaults suitable for replica set usage ."]
["expected : illegal argument exception is thrown", "expected : illegal argument is thrown", "expected : exception is thrown", "expected : illegal is thrown", "expected : argument is thrown"]
["returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n publishers emitted by a specified publisher .", "returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified iterable function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n publishers emitted by a specified publisher .", "returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified combiner iterable applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n publishers emitted by a specified publisher .", "returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of iterable items emitted , in sequence , by the iterable publishers emitted by a specified publisher .", "returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to iterable of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n publishers emitted by a specified publisher ."]
["this is a mutually exclusive option to # provider ( service provider saml2 login resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # service ( service provider saml2 login resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # service saml2 login ( service provider configuration resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml2 login ( service provider configuration resolver )", "this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml saml2 login ( service provider configuration resolver )"]
["the bound resource instance is internally cached to make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored .", "the bound instance is internally cached to make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored .", "the bound resource instance is cached to make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored .", "make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored .", "the bound descriptor instance is internally cached to make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored ."]
["write out this workbook to an outputstream .", "write out this workbook to a .", "write out this workbook to a outputstream .", "write out this workbook to outputstream .", "write out this workbook to a output ."]
["get request response \" response _ type \" .", "get request parameter \" response _ type \" .", "get request \" response _ type \" .", "get request response _ type \" .", "get request parameter \" response type \" ."]
["sets the sas ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the ip sas range which determines the ip sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the sas ip range which determines the sas ip ranges that are allowed to the sas the sas .", "sets the the sas range which determines the the sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas .", "sets the sas range which determines the sas ranges that are allowed to use the sas ."]
["scenario successful connection to the back end api via basic auth .", "scenario successful api to the back end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the api end service via basic auth .", "scenario successful connection to the back api service via basic auth .", "api successful connection to the back end service via basic auth ."]
["returns either name primary or name alternative based on the contacts preferences .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the preference preferences .", "returns either preference primary or preference alternative based on the contacts preferences .", "returns either name primary .", "returns either name primary or name alternative based on the sort order ."]
["the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int arithmetic .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as using arithmetic .", "the hash code for a module directive is computed as int .", "the hash code for the module directive is computed as using int arithmetic ."]
["opens a janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens an janus graph database configured according to the provided configuration .", "opens a janus database configured according to the provided configuration ."]
["queries this service for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact source service contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query string .", "queries this contact for source contacts which match a specific query string ."]
["sets the cpu status .", "sets the cpu status free or .", "sets the cpu status ( free ) .", "sets the cpu status ( free ) .", "sets the status ( free or busy ) ."]
["key import options vault key # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import vault key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key options vault key options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key import options vault # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .", "key options vault options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "a time accessor represents some form of and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date information .", "represents some form of date and time information ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["the action must set one of the comment , event , data .", "the action must set one of the id , event , comment .", "the action must set one of the event , data .", "the action must set one of the id , data .", "the action must set one of the id , event ."]
["computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each planar across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["returns an ssl context factory . server that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null .", "returns an ssl factory . server factory that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null .", "returns an ssl context factory . that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null .", "returns an ssl context factory server that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null .", "returns an ssl context factory . server . that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null ."]
["gets a data uri .", "returns a data uri for this image .", "gets a data uri for this byte array .", "returns this image .", "gets data ."]
["updates ij2 options dialog settings to reflect values set by ij1 plugins .", "updates ij2 options dialog settings to reflect values set by legacy plugins .", "updates legacy options dialog settings to reflect values set by ij1 plugins .", "updates modern options dialog settings to reflect values set by ij1 plugins .", "updates modern image dialog settings to reflect values set by ij1 plugins ."]
["executes random mutator and accessor operations on async _ page data store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous async _ page store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous data async _ page validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous async _ page store validating that the used async _ page structures can be used simultaneously .", "executes random mutator and accessor operations on store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously ."]
["and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? ."]
["receive a message as a string .", "recv a message as a string .", "receive a message .", "receive a message string .", "receive a recv as a string ."]
["extracts an ltpa sso cookie from the subject of current thread and builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations .", "extracts an ltpa sso cookie from the subject of current thread and builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations .", "extracts an ltpa sso cookie from current thread and builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations .", "extracts an ltpa sso cookie builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations .", "extracts a sso cookie from the subject of current thread and builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations ."]
["when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to and register a session with each unique configured server address .", "when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to and register a session with each unique configured address .", "when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to a session with each unique configured server address .", "when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to and returns a session with each unique configured server address .", "when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to ."]
["if the channel is released or currently does not need extra notification , the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool .", "if the channel is released or currently does not need extra notification result , the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool .", "if the channel is released or currently does not need buffers , the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool .", "if the channel is released or currently does not need extra the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool .", "if the channel is released or currently does not need extra used , the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool ."]
["otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in options .", ", the results returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the setting returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the revisions returned match the parameters given in options .", "otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in setting ."]
["create renew check action state .", "create action check decision state .", "create renew check state .", "create check decision state .", "create renew check decision action ."]
["note that this method does only allow dns names and not ip addresses .", "note that this method does only allow dns names .", "note that this method does only allow dns names and ip addresses .", "note that this method does only allow dns char sequence and not ip addresses .", "note that this method does only allow char sequence and not ip addresses ."]
["sets the value of the ' cf name ' field .", "sets the value of the ' _ name ' field .", "sets the value of the ' cf ' field .", "sets the value of the ' cf name ' field .", "sets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field ."]
["returns the tab ( index ) for a component .", "returns the tab for a component .", "returns the tab ( metadata ) for a component .", "returns the tab ( tab ) for a component .", "returns the tab ( metadata ) for a index ."]
["security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security contract specification in a key - value map .", "attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a contract specification in a key - value map .", "provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security contract specification in a key - value map .", "security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with contract specification in key - value map .", "security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information security contract specification in a key - value map ."]
["set the url of the framework as a maven url .", "set the url of the urlreference as a maven url reference .", "set the url of the framework as a maven url", "set the urlreference of the framework as a maven urlreference reference .", "set the url of the framework as a maven url urlreference ."]
["creates an osm turn relation out of an unspecified osm relation", "creates an osm turn relation out of a osm relation", "creates an osm turn relation out of an relation osm relation", "creates an osm turn relation out of an relation", "creates an osm turn relation out of a relation osm relation"]
["traverse the ocsp certificate .", "traverse the ocsp cert .", "traverse the cert certificate .", "traverse the certificate .", "cert the ocsp certificate ."]
["sets the axon server connection manager managing the connections to the axon server axon server .", "sets the axon server manager managing the connections to the axon server platform .", "sets the axon server connection manager managing the connections to the axon server platform .", "sets connection manager managing connections to the axon server platform .", "sets axon server manager managing the connections to the axon server platform ."]
["get is manual import .", "get manual import .", "get is import .", "is manual import .", "get the is manual import ."]
["enqueues a event to be run .", "enqueues a task to be run .", "enqueues a listener to be run .", "enqueues an listener to be run .", "enqueues a task to be event ."]
["adds a new bag out of the given data and adds it to the output", "adds a new bag out of the given data", "adds a new bag of the given data and adds it to the output", "adds a new bag out of the given data and adds it to the output .", "adds a new bag out of the given data"]
["get data form from view .", "get data form from view view .", "get data form from stanza .", "get data form from stanza stanza .", "get data form from stanza view ."]
["by constrast with optionals # sequence present ( collection x ) if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional", "by constrast with optionals # sequence present if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional", "by constrast with optionals # sequence present ( string , collection x ) if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional", "by constrast with optionals # sequence present ( stream x ) if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional", "by constrast with optionals # sequence present ( if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional"]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null ."]
["check if cluster permissions allow for the given action , also checks whether the limited by role allows the given actions", "check if cluster permissions allow for the given action , checks whether the limited by role allows the given actions", "check if cluster permissions allow for the given action by role allows the given", "check if cluster permissions allow for the given action , authentication also checks whether the limited by role allows the given actions", "check if cluster permissions allow for the given action , authentication checks whether the limited by role allows the given actions"]
["this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose type is # type _ argument type _ argument .", "this method should only be used for type whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument argument .", "this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type argument _ argument ."]
["returns the default ivalue formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values .", "returns the default formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values .", "returns the default value formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values .", "returns the ivalue value formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values .", "returns the default ivalue value formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values ."]
["sets the type .", "set the action type .", "sets the set type .", "sets the action type .", "sets the builder type ."]
["return an ordered collection of sql statements that need to be run to create a table .", "return an ordered collection of statements that need to be run to create a table .", "return an collection of sql statements that need to be run to create a table .", "return an ordered of sql statements that need to be run to create a table .", "return a collection of sql statements that need to be run to create a table ."]
["decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource , and notifies the owner if said count reached zero as a result of this operation .", "decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource , and notifies the owner if said count zero as a result of this operation .", "decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource count reached zero as a result of this operation .", "decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource said count reached zero as a result of this operation .", "decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource reached zero as a result of this operation ."]
["resolution for each tick of the timer wheel ns for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each ns tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each tick of the timer scheduling ns for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for the tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .", "resolution for each tick of the timer tick ns for scheduling deadlines ."]
["getter for the css class of the content review icon associated with this item", "getter for the css of the content review icon associated with this item", "getter for the class class of the content review icon associated with this item", "getter for the class of the content review icon associated with this item", "getter for the url of the css class review icon associated with this item"]
["returns a zoned date - time formed from this date - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from the date - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time zoned from this date - time and the specified time - zone .", "returns a zoned date - time formed from this date - time ."]
["directories with . class files .", "directories with . class files or empty directories ) .", "directories with . class files ) .", "directories with . files or empty directories ) .", "directories with . files files or empty directories ) ."]
["returns a newly - created logging service decorating delegate based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created logging service delegate based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created logging service create delegate based on the properties of this builder .", "returns an newly - created logging service decorating delegate based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created logging service decorating delegate ."]
["when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the cache .", "when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the memory cache .", "when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the first cache .", "when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the raw cache .", "when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the cache cache ."]
["if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the configuration setting will always be updated .", "if the configuration ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard configuration ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated .", "if the etag ' s value is equal to the setting configuration character ( \" \" ) , the setting will always be updated ."]
["returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at least one @ state variable ) .", "returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at least one @ prop variable ) .", "returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at prop one @ state variable ) .", "returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at least one variable ) .", "returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at least one prop state variable ) ."]
["given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the design tools split editor , i . e .", "given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the split editor , i . e .", "given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the editor , i . e .", "given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the design editor , i . e .", "given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the design tools editor , i . e ."]
["trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "trading strategy .", "%UNK% strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "strategy we expect the engine to shutdown ."]
["starts zookeeper up on the configured first .", "starts zookeeper up .", "starts first up on the configured port .", "starts zookeeper up on the configured .", "starts zookeeper up on the configured cleanup ."]
["if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , event event will be sent to all registered listeners .", "if this happens , a configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners ."]
["resource the server section , if any , of a configuration file .", "find the server section , if any , of a configuration file .", "process the server if any , of a configuration file .", "process the server , if any , of a configuration file .", "the server section , if any , of a configuration file ."]
["convert a raw value to an object to serialize in type system .", "convert a raw value to a avro object to serialize in avro type system .", "convert a raw value to a avro object to serialize in avro type system .", "convert an raw value to an avro object to serialize in avro type system .", "convert a raw value to an utf - 8 object to serialize in utf - 8 type system ."]
["get a map of data source ids to their string names for the current case .", "get a map of data ids to their string names for the current case .", "get a map of data source ids to their string names for the case .", "returns a map of data source ids to their string names for the current case .", "get a map of data map ids to their string names for the current case ."]
["returns the type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given type .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given type descriptor .", "returns the java type corresponding to the given type char ."]
["set the typing .", "add the typing .", "returns the typing .", "set the set .", "set the ."]
["tests that a suspended checkpoint shutdown calls suspend on the store and counter .", "tests that a suspended checkpoint coordinator calls shutdown on the store and counter .", "tests that a shutdown checkpoint coordinator calls suspend on the store and counter .", "tests that a suspended shutdown coordinator calls suspend on the store and counter .", "tests that a suspended checkpoint coordinator shutdown suspend on the store and counter ."]
["action that allows to display the initial on image ( or binary table )", "action that allows to initial the view on image ( or binary table )", "action that allows to display the view on initial ( or binary table )", "action that initial to display the view on image ( or binary table )", "action that allows to display the view on image ( or initial table )"]
["returns an immutable list containing eight elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing eight elements .", "returns an unmodifiable list containing eight elements .", "returns an list containing eight elements .", "returns a list containing eight elements ."]
["removes a variable scope .", "removes a scope from the stack .", "removes a variable scope from a stack .", "removes a variable scope from the var .", "removes the variable scope from the stack ."]
["get the sort mode for the context", "set the sort mode for the context", "sets the sort mode for the context", "the sort mode for the context", "set the sort mode"]
["set upc / ean .", "set upc _ cu / ean .", "set upc .", "set ean _ cu / ean .", "set _ cu upc / ean ."]
["find all child glide modules", "find all library glide modules", "find all glide modules", "find all child glide modules .", "find all child modules"]
["clears the value of the ' zk quorum ' field", "clears the value of the ' quorum ' field", "clears the value of the ' zk ' field", "clears the value of the ' _ quorum ' field", "clears the value of the ' zk quorum ' field"]
["a is built when the jar is created .", "a is built .", "the is built when the jar is created .", "a is built when a jar is created .", "built when the jar is created ."]
["tests l7dlog ( vector , string , object [ ] , throwable ) .", "tests l7dlog ( l7dlog , string , object [ ] , throwable ) .", "tests l7dlog ( string , object [ ] , throwable ) .", "tests l7dlog ( l7dlog appender , string , object [ ] , throwable ) .", "tests l7dlog ( fqn , string , object [ ] , throwable ) ."]
["tests resiliency when d2 device is down .", "resiliency resilency when d2 device is down .", "tests when d2 device is down .", "tests resilency when d2 device is down .", "tests resilency ."]
["this operation is eventually consistent .", "this is eventually consistent .", "this operation is consistent .", "this operation is eventually .", "operation is eventually consistent ."]
["returns a new builder with default settings .", "returns a new mutate with default settings .", "returns a new mutate mutate with default settings .", "returns a new builder mutate with default settings .", "returns a new options with default settings ."]
["deciders should set their client - side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the timeout ) .", "should set their client - side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the timeout ) .", "deciders should set their client - side socket timeout to at least 70 ( 10 higher than the timeout ) .", "socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the timeout ) .", "deciders should set their client - side socket to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the ) ."]
["perform checks on the packet represented by this instance and return true if it is found to be invalid .", "perform checks on the packet represented by this instance and returns true if it is found to be invalid .", "perform checks on the packet represented by this instance true if it is found to be invalid .", "perform checks on the packet represented by this instance true if it .", "perform checks on the packet represented by this instance and return the true if it is found to be invalid ."]
["if cursor # get next is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result .", "if cursor # get next ( ) is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result .", "if cursor # next ( ) is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result .", "if cursor # get next ( path ) is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result .", "if cursor # path get next ( ) is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result ."]
["listeners at the end of activation .", "notify listeners at the end .", "notify listeners the end of .", "notify listeners at a end of activation .", "notify listeners at the end of activation ."]
["returns a new instance of io . bootique . builder metadata . builder initialized with module for this provider .", "returns a new instance of io . bootique . bqmodule . builder metadata initialized with module for this provider .", "returns a new instance of io . bootique . bqmodule metadata . builder initialized with module for this provider .", "returns a new instance of io . bootique . bqmodule . bqmodule metadata initialized with module for this provider .", "returns a new instance of io . bootique . bqmodule . metadata builder initialized with module for this provider ."]
["creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to an module packaged as a modular jar .", "creates a module reference to a given module packaged as a modular jar ."]
["return all querys in the playlist", "return all querys in the playlist .", "returns all querys in the playlist", "return all entries in the playlist", "return all list in the playlist"]
["api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / : - > restart worker .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / - > restart worker .", "/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / : timeout - > restart worker .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / : restart worker .", "api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / : worker ."]
["set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements", "set duration specifications according to", "set duration specifications according to ' requirements . ' requirements", "set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements .", "set duration specifications according to ."]
["returns a wrapped instance of http client connection manager to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of http client connection manager to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of client http connection manager to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of http client manager to capture the necessary performance metrics .", "returns a wrapped instance of client connection manager to capture the necessary performance metrics ."]
["appends starlark function info protos to a module info . builder .", "appends starlark info protos to a module info . builder .", "appends function info protos to a module info . builder .", "appends user defined function info protos to a module info . builder .", "appends defined starlark info protos to a module info . builder ."]
["returns the connecting connection id .", "returns the connecting connection .", "returns the connection client id .", "returns the connecting long id .", "returns the connecting client id ."]
["test of add metric method , of class old agent connector .", "test of set add metric method , of class old agent connector .", "test of method , of class old agent connector .", "test of add add method , of class old agent connector .", "test of metric metric method , of class old agent connector ."]
["see # set gesture inset bottom ignored ( boolean ) .", "see # set gesture inset bottom ( boolean ) .", "see # set gesture inset inset ignored ( boolean ) .", "see # set gesture bottom ignored bottom ( boolean ) .", "see # set gesture inset ignored ( boolean ) ."]
["updates the current chunk .", "updates the chunk packet .", "updates the current data .", "updates the current packet .", "updates the current ."]
["gets dimensions based on relationships and attributes from entity projection .", "gets dimensions based on relationships from entity projection .", "gets dimensions based on attributes from entity projection .", "gets dimensions based on relationships and attributes from projection .", "gets dimensions based on resolve and attributes from entity projection ."]
["test of variance method , of class fdistribution .", "test of variance method , of class fdistribution .", "test variance var method , of class fdistribution .", "test of var method , of class fdistribution .", "test of variance variance method , of class fdistribution ."]
["converting ws and uris to their http equivalent", "converting ws and uris to their http equivalent .", "converting ws to their http equivalent", "converting ws and uris to http equivalent", "converting ws and uris to the http equivalent"]
["maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor2 ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index descriptor2 no locking ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to ( descriptor2 reference no locking ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # descriptor2 reference no locking ( index descriptor ) .", "maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( descriptor2 descriptor ) ."]
["the max size of the file path data is 255 bytes while the max size of the file contents is 10 kb .", "bytes while the max size of the file contents is 10", "size of file path data is 255 bytes while the max size of the file contents is 10 kb .", "the max size of the file path data is 255 bytes the max size of the file contents is 10 kb .", "is 255 bytes while the max size of the file contents is 10 kb ."]
["returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified .", "returns annotation if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .", "returns true if the class has the specified annotation annotation ."]
["handles a iterator commit .", "handles an iterator commit .", "handles a commit .", "handles an position commit .", "handles an iterate commit ."]
["return all sys proc durable plan fragments that needs to be registered", "return all durable plan fragments that needs to be registered", "return all allowable durable plan fragments that needs to be registered", "return all sys proc allowable plan fragments that needs to be registered", "return all sys proc allowable sysproc frag fragments that needs to be registered"]
["when enabled , smtp socket factory class will be not set , and plaintext authentication over tls will be enabled .", "when enabled , smtp socket factory class will be not set", "when enabled , smtp socket factory class will be not set ,", "when enabled , smtp socket factory class will be not set .", "when enabled , smtp factory class will be not set plaintext authentication over tls will be enabled ."]
["will only return non - null for fields that have constant initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants .", "will only return for fields that have constant initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants .", "will only return produktionsauftrag for fields that have constant initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants .", "will only return null for fields that have constant initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants .", "will only return non - null for fields that have constant static final initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants ."]
["this method both takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown qualifiers .", "ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown qualifiers .", "this method both takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for qualifiers .", "account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown qualifiers .", "takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown qualifiers ."]
["returns all the arguments .", "returns the the arguments .", "returns all a arguments .", "returns all the arguments .", "returns all the args ."]
["this is one of the strings listed in protocols .", "http this is one of the strings listed in protocols .", "normally this is one of the http listed in protocols .", "protocol this is one of the strings listed in protocols .", "the normally this is one of the strings listed in protocols ."]
["retrieve the info for the given \" request - id \" header value .", "retrieve the result for the given \" request - id \" header value .", "retrieve the info info for the given \" request - id \" header value .", "retrieve info for the given \" request - id \" header value .", "the exchange info for the given \" request - id \" header value ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that converts a string to a date object in the factory timezone", "creates new aggregation expression that converts a string to a date object in the date timezone", "creates new aggregation expression that converts a string to a date object in the timezone", "creates new expression that converts a string to a date object in the factory timezone", "creates new aggregation expression that converts a string to a date object in a timezone"]
["retrieve the store with the specified id from the cache .", "retrieve the graph with the specified store from the cache .", "retrieve the from the cache .", "retrieve the store from the cache .", "retrieve the id from the cache ."]
["if two ranges overlap , this range strictly contains the begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , strictly contains either begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , strictly contains either the begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range contains either the begin or the end of the other range .", "if two ranges overlap , this range strictly contains either the begin ."]
["gets the label for this waypoint based on the attribute type .", "gets the attribute for this waypoint based on the artifact type .", "gets the label for this waypoint based on the map type .", "gets the label for this waypoint based on the blackboard type .", "gets the map for this waypoint based on the artifact type ."]
["handles an response exception that occurs .", "handles an http response exception that occurs .", "handles response exception that occurs .", "handles response exception that occurs .", "handles http response exception that occurs ."]
["register a collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes", "register state watcher to be called when the state of collection changes", "register a doc state watcher to be called when the state of a doc changes", "register be called when the state of a collection changes", "register an collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes"]
["setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set sources source ( media source ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media sources ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media sources ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media empty ) .", "setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media source ) ."]
["thus 31st january add wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "add 31st january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus 31st january add wrap field to copy one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus add january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .", "thus 31st january wrap field to copy one day goes to the 1st january ."]
["note : this callback may be called on the main thread , regardless of the callback executor .", "this callback may be called on the main thread , regardless of the callback executor .", "result : this callback may be called on the main thread , regardless of the callback executor .", "note : this callback may be called on the main thread .", "note : this callback may be called on the main result , regardless of the callback executor ."]
["get the maximum size of a binary message ( for streaming writing )", "get the maximum size of a binary message buffer ( for streaming writing )", "get the maximum size of a binary message buffer", "get the maximum size of a binary message", "get the maximum size of a binary message buffer )"]
["annotate for coreference ( statistical )", "annotate for coreference", "for coreference ( statistical )", "annotate for coreference )", "annotator for coreference ( statistical )"]
["this method will create an user . client . element for the given html .", "this method will create an com . google . gwt . user . client . element for the given html .", "this method will create an gwt . client . element for the given html .", "this method will create an google . user client . element for the given html .", "this method will create an google . client . element for the given html ."]
["writes a csv line to the underlying .", "writes a line to the underlying .", "writes a csv line to the create .", "writes a csv line to the line .", "writes a csv line to the write ."]
["writes meta data about this package if the destination directory exists , and the \" vespaversion \" property is set .", "writes data about this package if the destination directory exists , and the \" vespaversion \" property is set .", "writes meta data about this package if the destination directory exists is set .", "writes meta data about this package if the destination directory exists , is set .", "writes meta data about this package if the destination directory exists property is set ."]
["returns a credential for the application .", "returns a default credential for the application .", "returns a application default credential for the application .", "returns an credential for the application .", "returns default credential for the application ."]
["verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext byte", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified byte message", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 ' signature for the specified plaintext message", "verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified message"]
["gets the iterable of key properties key properties on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of key properties key properties on this page .", "gets the key properties key properties on this page .", "gets the elements of key properties key properties on this page .", "gets the stream of key properties key properties on this page ."]
["sets the statistic repository with the specified option repository .", "sets the statistic repository with the specified option repository .", "sets the option repository with the specified statistic repository .", "sets the option repository with the specified option repository .", "sets the option repository with the specified option repository ."]
["query query for the given query string .", "returns query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "creates for the given string .", "creates query for the given source string ."]
["builds a channel to the given server uri with the first supported channel creds config .", "builds a channel to the given server uri with the first supported channel creds config .", "builds a channel to the given list uri with the first supported channel creds config .", "builds a channel to the given channel uri with the first supported channel creds config .", "builds a channel to the given server server with the first supported channel creds config ."]
["deletes a question .", "deletes a question id .", "deletes a question by its auto id .", "deletes a question by its auto .", "deletes the question by its auto - generated id ."]
["put service consent enabled .", "put attribute consent .", "put service into flash enabled .", "put consent enabled .", "put service enabled ."]
["returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute ."]
["initialise a new keyspace by opening and closing a transaction on it .", "initialise a new keyspace impl by opening and closing a transaction on it .", "initialise a new keyspace by opening and closing a transaction on it .", "initialise a new impl by opening and closing a transaction on it .", "initialise a new impl keyspace by opening and closing a transaction on it ."]
["return the location of a dataset if it is backed by tdb , else null", "return the location of a dataset if it is backed by tdb , else null .", "return the location of a dataset if it is backed by tdb", "return the location of a dataset if it is backed by tdb , null", "return the location of a database if it is backed by tdb , else null"]
["returns a literal for the scr service . reference availability .", "returns a literal for the reference availability .", "returns a literal for the scr availability .", "returns a scr for the reference availability .", "returns a literal for the scr service availability ."]
["caches the promise result and provides it to all future subscribers , if it satisfies the predicate .", "caches the zero result and provides it to all future subscribers , if it satisfies the predicate .", "caches the promise result and provides it to all future subscribers , if it satisfies the zero .", "caches the promise result to all future subscribers , if it .", "caches the promise result , if it satisfies the predicate ."]
["return a scalar encodec for the given range .", "return a encodec codec for the given range .", "return a scalar for the given range .", "return a encodec for the given range .", "return a scalar encodec encodec for the given range ."]
["test to make sure that field names are not interned .", "test to make sure that names are not interned .", "test to make that field names are not interned .", "test to make sure that field names are not interned .", "test to make sure field names are not interned ."]
["collapses the given items .", "collapses the given . .", "collapses the given item .", "items the given item .", "collapses the item ."]
["get the number of messages processed in one transaction .", "get the number of stops processed in one transaction .", "get the number of 2003 processed in one transaction .", "get the number of %UNK% processed in one transaction .", "get the number of messages processed ."]
["sets the selection .", "sets the focus selection .", "returns the right selection .", "sets the right selection .", "sets the focus ."]
["the file is fully in alluxio only if all the blocks of the file are in alluxio , in other words , the in alluxio percentage is 100 .", "the file is fully in alluxio only if all the blocks of the file are in alluxio , in other words , the in alluxio percentage is 100 .", "the file is fully are alluxio only if all the blocks of the file are are alluxio , in other words , the are alluxio percentage is 100 .", "the file is in in alluxio only if all the blocks of the file are in memory , in other words , the in memory percentage is 100 .", "the file is alluxio in memory only if all the blocks of the file are in memory , in other words , the in memory percentage is 100 ."]
["gets the default type id for subsitemap folders .", "gets the default type id for subsitemap sitemap folders .", "gets the default type id for subsitemap .", "gets the default type id for subsitemap sitemap .", "gets the default type id for subsitemap point folders ."]
["attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid , using supplied function", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid , using supplied function .", "attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid", "to the same type as the supplied monoid , using supplied function"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["method to insert code snippets for secret async client # get secret ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret async client # get secret", "method to insert code snippets for secret async client # get secret (", "method to insert code snippets for secret async client # ( secret properties )", "method to insert code snippets for secret async client # get secret ( secret properties )"]
["create client response filtering stage using the injection manager .", "create client response filtering stage using a injection manager .", "create client response filtering stage .", "create client response filtering stage using the instance injection .", "create client response filtering stage using an injection manager ."]
["returns the number of outstanding checkpoints .", "get the number of outstanding checkpoints .", "get the list of outstanding checkpoints .", "get the number .", "get the number of outstanding outstanding ."]
["evaluates a job .", "evaluates the job .", "executes a job .", "evaluates job .", "returns a job ."]
["call the function being represented by this object , returning a struct by value .", "call the native function being represented by this object , returning a struct by value .", "call the native function being represented by this object .", "call the native function being represented by this object , returning a function by value .", "call the native function being represented by this object ."]
["creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing instance and remote service name .", "creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing instance .", "creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing and remote service name .", "creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing instance and http service name .", "creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing instance ."]
["evaluates token @ = rhs and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs .", "evaluates y @ = rhs and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs .", "@ = rhs and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs .", "evaluates lhs @ = token and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs .", "evaluates lhs @ = y and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs ."]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["if the size of the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity , the dynamic table will be cleared .", "if the size of the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity", "if the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity , the dynamic table will be cleared .", "if the size of the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity .", "if the - header of the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity , the dynamic table will be cleared ."]
["the name will normally start with the prefix \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "the name will normally start with the \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "prefix \" trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "the name will normally start with the \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" . log \" suffix .", "prefix trace \" followed by a 9 digit number followed by a \" log \" suffix ."]
["if the items is currently expanded , does nothing .", "if the item is currently expanded , does nothing .", "if the . is currently expanded , does nothing .", "if the item is currently expanded .", "if the . items is currently expanded , does nothing ."]
["gets the intent .", "gets the intent name .", "gets the intent intent .", "gets the intent object .", "gets the intent id ."]
["are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given descriptor + pk combo the same as the given values ?", "are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given type + pk combo the same as the given values ?", "are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given object + pk combo the same as the given values ?", "are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given descriptor pk combo the same as the given values ?", "are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given descriptor combo the same as the given values ?"]
["convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( callable boolean , string ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean ) .", "convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( model boolean , string ) ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["sets the read only state to the given value for all currently bound .", "sets the only state to the given value for all currently bound fields .", "sets the binding only state to the given value for all currently bound fields .", "sets the read only state to the given value for all currently bound binding .", "sets the read only state to the given value for all currently bound fields ."]
["returns an immutable set containing seven elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing seven elements .", "returns an set containing seven elements .", "returns a set containing seven elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing seven elements ."]
["waits timeout until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name .", "during timeout until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name .", "waits during in until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name .", "waits during in timeout until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name .", "waits during in sec timeout until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name ."]
["by default we check the attributes names of the annotation , if present .", "by default we check the attributes names of the annotation .", "by default we returns the attributes names of the annotation , if present .", "by default we check the attributes names of the annotation", "by default we check init the attributes names of the annotation , if present ."]
["add a system classpath entry .", "add a entry classpath element .", "add a system entry element .", "add a system classpath element .", "add a system classpath loader ."]
["converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto stream immutable serialization context .", "converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto stream serialization context .", "converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto stream stream immutable context .", "converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto stream context .", "converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto serialization immutable serialization context ."]
["obtains an instance of offset date time from an instant and offset .", "obtains an instance of offset date time .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from offset .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from an instant .", "obtains an instance of offset date time from a and offset ."]
["contrast this behaviour to # add ( int ) .", "contrast this behaviour to # plus ( int ) .", "contrast this behaviour to # plus .", "add this behaviour to # plus ( int ) .", "contrast this behaviour to # add copy ( int ) ."]
["gets called by from value map with class", "gets called by from value map with class class", "gets called by from value with class", "gets called by from value field", "gets called by from value map with class value"]
["if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise", "if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal", "if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise is thrown .", "if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .", "if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; illegal argument exception is thrown ."]
["this is not the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price agreed .", "the price agreed when the trade occurred .", "this is the price when the trade occurred .", "this is the traded agreed when the trade occurred ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( ."]
["path parameter : endpoint type ( required )", "path parameter : endpoint type", "parameter : endpoint type ( required )", "spark parameter : endpoint type ( required )", "- rest parameter : endpoint type ( required )"]
["returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list evaluation jobs .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to paged audio .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to list evaluation .", "returns the builder for the settings used for calls to paged evaluation jobs ."]
["if the session folder ( folder that contains the file ) does not exist and create session folder is true , the folder will be created .", "if the session folder does not exist and create session folder is true , the folder will be created .", "if the session folder ( folder that contains the file ) does not exist create session is true , the folder will be created .", "if the session folder ( folder that contains the file ) does not exist and folder will be created .", "if the session folder ( folder that contains the file ) does not exist is true , the folder will be created ."]
["if features is null .", "if features is null will be deduced from env .", "it will be deduced from env .", "if processing is null , it will be deduced from env .", "if features is null from env ."]
["returns the value of the node as an enum value , or null if the node is undefined .", "returns the value of the node as an enum value .", "returns the value of the node as an enum value , .", "returns the value of the node as an enum value", "returns the value of the node as a value , or null if the node is undefined ."]
["queries this search for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this search create for the given query string .", "queries this create for the given query string .", "create this search source for the given query string ."]
["set the entity type that determines the type of entity .", "the type of entity .", "get the entity id that determines the type of entity .", "returns the type of entity .", "entity ."]
["xe when can build positive response .", "xe when can build xml positive .", "xe when can positive xml response .", "xe when can build response .", "positive when can build xml response ."]
["calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached js and statement ranges .", "calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached output and statement ranges .", "calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached js .", "calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached js and output ranges .", "calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached js ranges ."]
["throw runtime exception if query does not pass validation .", "throw exception if query does not pass validation .", "runtime exception if query does not pass validation .", "throw limit exception if query does not pass validation .", "throw limit if query does not pass validation ."]
["can get a bean for script cluster selector .", "can get a bean for script cluster .", "can get a bean for script cluster balancer .", "can get a bean for script selector selector .", "can get a bean for script selector ."]
["if true , given partial blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given pre blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if pre , given partial blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given evaluate blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .", "if true , given blocks blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used ."]
["retrieve listing of secrets and metadata", "retrieve listing of secrets", "builds listing of secrets and metadata", "retrieve listing of secrets and application", "retrieve listing of secrets and metadata ."]
["key options create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "key options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "create create create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .", "options options create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional ."]
["this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the exception handler instead of the regular return address of the deoptimization target .", "this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the code handler instead of the regular return address of the deoptimization target .", "this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the exception handler instead of the code return address of the deoptimization target .", "this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the exception code instead of the regular return address of the deoptimization target .", "this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the exception handler instead of the regular return code of the deoptimization target ."]
["creates a new values list and add a value .", "creates a values list and add a value .", "creates a add values list and add a value .", "creates an values list and add a value .", "returns a new values list and add a value ."]
["returns the w s r p producer with the primary key or throws a wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p producer with the primary key or throws a no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p producer with the primary key or throws a wsrp no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p producer with the primary key liferay . wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found .", "returns the w s r p producer with the primary key or throws wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found ."]
["get the datagram socket impl attached to this socket , creating it if necessary .", "get the datagram socket impl attached to this socket .", "get the impl attached to this socket , creating it if necessary .", "get the socket impl attached to this socket , creating it if necessary .", "returns the datagram socket impl attached to this socket , creating it if necessary ."]
[":", "in", "", ",", "from"]
["if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current configuration setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get configuration etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified ( configuration the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches ."]
["generated app glide module .", "generated root app module .", "generated glide module .", "app root glide module .", "generated root glide app ."]
["returns the asset entry remote service .", "returns the asset entry asset service .", "returns the entry remote service .", "returns the set entry remote service .", "returns the asset entry remote set service ."]
["sets department .", "sets departement .", "sets department department .", "sets .", "sets department ."]
["- current obis identifier - current obis value - current obis data object", "- current obis identifier - current obis value - current obis data", "- current obis identifier - current obis value - current obis data object .", "- current obis identifier - current obis - current obis data object", "- current obis identifier - current obis value - current obis data"]
["get the value for the given key if the entry is cached .", "get the value if the entry is cached .", "get the value for the given key .", "get the value .", "returns the value for the given key if the entry is cached ."]
["returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts or p2 pk scripts .", "returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts .", "returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts .", "returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either pkh scripts or pk scripts .", "returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts"]
["this methods sets this armature in its apply ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its apply pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )", "this methods sets this armature in its bind pose", "this methods sets this armature in its bind pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )"]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["set the preference .", "add the preference .", "set the set .", "set the .", "returns the preference ."]
["checks that semicolon is in empty for initializer or condition .", "checks that semicolon is in empty for initializer or condition condition .", "checks that semicolon is in initializer or condition for initializer .", "checks that semicolon is in empty for empty or condition .", "checks that semicolon is in initializer or condition condition for initializer ."]
["returns the data being sent to a potential remote executor .", "returns the data being sent to a potential remote executor .", "gets the data being sent to a potential remote executor .", "returns the data being sent to the potential remote executor .", "returns the remote being sent to a potential remote executor ."]
["returns the line number of the source line containing the new expression .", "returns the line number of the line line containing the new expression .", "returns the line number of the number line containing the new expression .", "returns the line number of the line containing the new expression .", "get the line number of the source line containing the new expression ."]
["test of variance method , of class gamma .", "test of variance method , of class gamma .", "test of var method , of class gamma .", "test variance var method , of class gamma .", "test of variance variance method , of class gamma ."]
["time defaults to midnight .", "time defaults to midnight in .", "time defaults to midnight in time .", "time defaults to midnight in date .", "time defaults to midnight ."]
["sets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field .", "sets the value of the ' zk ' field .", "sets the value of the ' _ quorum ' field .", "sets the value of the ' quorum ' field .", "sets the value of the ' zk quorum ' field ."]
["left rather than the default left to right .", "the children will be ordered from right to left rather than the left to right .", "right to left rather than the default left to right .", "the children will be ordered from right to left than the default left to right .", "rather than the default left to right ."]
["enables all schedules which were disabled or added between start time and end millis time in a given namespace .", "enables all schedules which were disabled or added between start time and end time millis in a given namespace .", "enables all schedules which were disabled or added between start time and start time millis in a given namespace .", "enables all schedules which were disabled or added between end millis time and end time in a given namespace .", "enables all schedules which were disabled or added between start time and end time in a given namespace ."]
["find one concrete element for a key in a map of sets .", "find exactly one concrete element for a key in a map of sets .", "find exactly concrete element for a key in a map of sets .", "find exactly one concrete element for a key in a element of sets .", "find exactly one concrete element for a key in an of sets ."]
["send request for execution # cli .", "send request for execution # cli io .", "send request for execution via # if io .", "send request for execution via # jdbc io .", "send request for execution via # cli io ."]
["backs up the subscriptions and bookmarks databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions to external storage .", "backs up the changes and bookmarks databases to external storage .", "backs up the subscriptions external storage ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["replace actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "map actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "replace actual map found in a string with meaningless randomized names .", "replace actual names found in a string .", "replace map names found in a string with meaningless randomized names ."]
["copies the specified clong buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified pointer buffer to the data . l field .", "copies the specified clong buffer to the data . clong field .", "copies the specified clong buffer to the data . l field ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . raiseddate", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . created", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due user", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . due date"]
["add a record to all the accumulators .", "add a to all the accumulators .", "add all the accumulators .", "add a record to all the accumulators .", "add an to all the accumulators ."]
["return the rack for which an node resides in", "return the rack for which an node in", "return the rack for which an node node resides in", "return the rack for which a node resides in", "return the rack for which an node node in"]
["returns the appropriate list to execute the given spawn with .", "returns the appropriate list context to execute the given spawn with .", "returns the appropriate spawn context to execute the given spawn with .", "returns the appropriate contexts context to execute the given spawn with .", "returns the appropriate action context to execute the given spawn with ."]
["deletes the specified variable from the configuration .", "deletes the specified variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the double .", "deletes the specified variable from the variable .", "deletes the specified variable from the object ."]
["rotate this vector the specified axis about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians axis the given rotation axis .", "axis this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this axis the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians about the given axis axis ."]
["pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniondc to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the quaterniondc to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .", "pre - quaterniondc the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin ."]
["sets the id attribute of this media element to id", "sets the id attribute of this media to id", "sets the id attribute of this attr to id", "sets the id attribute of this name to id", "sets the element id attribute of this media to id"]
["if session is not created .", "if session is not created , default one will be used .", "if session is not created", ", default one will be used .", "default one will be used ."]
["after all member accounts accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains .", "after all all accounts accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains .", "after all %UNK% accounts accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains .", "accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains .", "after all compare accounts accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains ."]
["create client request filtering stage using the instance .", "create client request filtering stage using the instance manager .", "create client request filtering stage using the instance locator .", "create client request filtering stage .", "create client request filtering stage using the service locator ."]
["gets a string representation of this charset .", "returns a string representation of this charset .", "gets a string representation of this string .", "gets a representation of this charset .", "gets a string of this charset ."]
["objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctgroup shape ctshape", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list shape ctshape", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctgroup shape ctshape .", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the ctgroup shape ctshape", "objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctgroup shape"]
["a typical use case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to convert unary names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to returns index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical use case would be to convert md names to curve names valid for an underlying system .", "a typical returns case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for an underlying system ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for three and debugging ."]
["report all class file files available available from the specified files and / or directories , including sub directories .", "report all file files available available from the specified files and / or directories , including sub directories", "report all class file files available available from the specified files and / or , including sub directories", "report all class file files available available from the specified files and / or directories including sub directories .", "report all java class file files available available from the specified files or directories , including ."]
["returns true if this method is the first js method in the method hierarchy that member an existing non - js method inside a class .", "returns true if this member is the first js member in the member hierarchy that exposes an existing non - js member inside a class .", "returns true if this method is the first js member in the method hierarchy that exposes an existing non - js member inside a class .", "returns true if this method is the first js method in the method hierarchy that an existing non - js member inside a class .", "returns true if this method is the first member method in the method hierarchy that exposes an existing non - js method inside a class ."]
["validates the given annotation .", "validates the given @ asynchronous annotation .", "validates the given asynchronous annotation .", "validates the given .", "returns the given @ asynchronous annotation ."]
["removes the specified tags from the metadata entity id", "removes the specified tags from the namespaced entity", "removes the specified tags from the metadata entity", "removes the specified tags from the metadata id", "removes the specified tags from the metadata entity metadata"]
["ensures that the api referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the api referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the service referenced by the contract at the head of the api actually exists ( is published ) .", "ensures that the api by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) ."]
["creates a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .", "creates a new class loader and a new class inside that", "creates a new class loader and a new class inside class loader .", "new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .", "create a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader ."]
["authorized the given ddlwork .", "authorized the given .", "authorized the ddlwork2 .", "authorized the given authorize .", "ddlwork the given ddlwork2 ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for three and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["utilization of database statistics ( gh - 1202 ) .", "utilization of database statistics .", "utilization of gh1202 statistics ( gh - 1202 ) .", "utilization of statistics ( gh - 1202 ) .", "utilization of gh1202 ( gh - 1202 ) ."]
["creates a global symbol of the form \" a \" + container name .", "creates a global symbol of the form \" a a \" + container name .", "creates a global symbol of the form \" a a a \" + container name .", "creates a global symbol of the jvm \" + container name .", "creates a global symbol of the a \" jvm \" + container name ."]
["type strategy that maps an mapping type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an strategy type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that mapping an input type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .", "type strategy that maps an mapping validator to a type strategy if the validator matches ."]
["- java . lang . string latin1 . inflate ( [ bi [ cii ) v", "- lang . string latin1 . inflate ( [ bi [ cii ) v", "- src . lang . string latin1 . inflate ( [ bi [ cii ) v", "- string latin1 . inflate ( [ bi [ cii ) v", "- java . lang . string latin1 . inflate ( bi [ cii ) v"]
["gets the iterable of deleted key deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of deleted key deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the elements of deleted key deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the deleted key deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the stream of deleted key deleted secrets on this page ."]
["cleans the objects in this schema .", "cleans the sequences in this schema .", "cleans the objects objects in this schema .", "cleans the db in this schema .", "cleans the in this schema ."]
["gets the edit data for all cms - editable elements in the page .", "gets the data for all cms - editable elements in the page .", "gets the edit data for all cms elements in the page .", "gets the gwt data for all cms - editable elements in the page .", "gets the edit data for the cms - editable elements in the page ."]
["converts a swagger parameter to an instance of pay load .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of load load .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of pay .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of pay load .", "converts a swagger parameter to an instance of ."]
["returns the storage namespace .", "returns the namespace serializer .", "returns the storage namespace namespace .", "returns the storage .", "returns the storage namespace ."]
["scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume with does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error with next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["gets information about the specified table .", "gets table information about the specified table .", "gets metadata information about the specified table .", "gets table about the specified table .", "gets metadata information about the table ."]
["sets whether or not resources in the root ( web - inf ) folder can be accessed .", "sets whether or not resources in the root ( web - inf ) folder can be accessed .", "sets whether or not resources in the root ( web - inf ) root can be accessed .", "set whether or not resources in the root ( web - inf ) folder can be accessed .", "sets whether or not root in the root ( web - inf ) folder can be accessed ."]
["sets the member membership provider .", "sets the membership location provider .", "sets the member location membership .", "sets the member provider .", "sets the location provider ."]
["if no mock can be assigned to a field , skip it silently", "if no mock can be assigned to a field", "if no mock can be assigned to a field .", "if no mock can be assigned to a field , skip it", "if no mock can be assigned to a field"]
["returns a trace of trace events .", "returns a reader of trace events .", "returns a trace events .", "returns a stream of trace trace .", "returns a trace events ."]
["register a collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes", "register state watcher to be called when the state of collection changes", "register a doc state watcher to be called when the state of a doc changes", "register be called when the state of a collection changes", "register an collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes"]
["the supplied function is invoked for each market data name in this sensitivities .", "the supplied function is invoked for each data name in this sensitivities .", "the supplied function is invoked for the market data name in this sensitivities .", "the supplied function is invoked for the this sensitivities .", "the supplied function is invoked for md ."]
["retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been granted to the given user .", "retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been granted to the given permissions .", "retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been granted to the given entity .", "retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been permissions to the given user .", "retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been granted ."]
["given a bunch of node refs , create features from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create simple features from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create auto features from the results .", "given a bunch of node refs , create feature features from the results .", "given a bunch of refs , create simple features from the results ."]
["asserts that the cache contains the given data for uri string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for request string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for string .", "asserts that the cache contains the given data for cached string ."]
["creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint , delay error flag and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given buffer capacity hint , delay error flag and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint , delay error terminate and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint , terminate error flag and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal terminate capacity hint , delay error flag and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription ."]
["the annotation is sorted by sequences and then offset .", "the annotation is sequences by array and then offset .", "the annotation is sorted by sequence and then offset .", "the annotation is sequence by array and then offset .", "the annotation is sorted ."]
["note this method creates a connectable that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates an connectable that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a stream that starts emitting data immediately .", "note this method creates a connectable stream that starts emitting data immediately ."]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image .", "computes the average for each height across all bands in the planar image ."]
["creates source for the given source string .", "creates for the given string .", "creates query for the given query .", "creates query for the given query source .", "returns query for the given query string ."]
["deleted by user info", "deleted", "deleted by user info", "deleted info", "deleted by info"]
["on an action to this value , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing .", "returns an action to this value , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing .", "applies an action to this value , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing .", "success an action to this value , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing .", "applies an action to this object , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing ."]
["return the var node associated with the optional annotations # fast _ range _ count var property .", "return the var node associated with the optional count var # fast _ range _ count property .", "return the var node associated with the optional annotations # fast _ range _ count _ var property .", "return the var node associated with the optional annotations # fast _ count var _ count property .", "return the var node associated with the optional count _ var # fast _ range _ count property ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["after that , the binding lease status is active .", "after that , the available lease status is active .", "after that , the that lease status is active .", "after that , the lease status is active .", "after that , the binding status is active ."]
["by default , it returns the finder class .", "by class , it returns the finder class .", "by restlet , it returns the finder class .", "by finder , it returns the finder class .", "by , it returns the finder class ."]
["standard setter for the rightward type string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the rightward label string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the type label string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the rightward string for this relationship type", "standard setter for the rightward label type for this relationship type"]
["initializes the crypto job status tracker", "initializes the decryption crypto job tracker", "initializes the crypto status tracker", "initializes the job job status tracker", "initializes the crypto job tracker"]
["returns builtin the operator table for this environment .", "returns builtin the operator table .", "returns the operator table for this environment .", "returns builtin a operator table for this environment .", "returns type the operator table for this environment ."]
["traverses this multimap , mapping the ( key , value ) pairs to elements .", "traverses this iterator sequentially , mapping the ( key , value ) pairs to elements .", "traverses this multimap sequentially , iterator the ( key , value ) pairs to elements .", "iterator this multimap sequentially , mapping the ( key , value ) pairs to elements .", "traverses this multimap sequentially , mapping the ( iterator , value ) pairs to elements ."]
["this should be called before specifying the callback source", "this should be called before specifying the data callback", "this should be called before specifying the data source", "this should be called before specifying the callback", "this should be called before specifying the data %UNK%"]
["returns a rule that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns an rule that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns a utils that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns a rule that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client .", "returns a ip that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client ."]
["test of length method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of npara method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test length npara method , of class hyper geometric distribution .", "test of method , length class hyper geometric distribution ."]
["new object example", "new object example , large structure", "new object example structure", "new object example , subordinates structure", "new object example , structure"]
["the algorithm looks for requested table in following paths in that order :", "the resolved looks for requested table in following paths in that order :", "the algorithm for requested table in following paths in that order :", "the algorithm resolved for requested table in following paths in that order :", "the algorithm looks for resolved table in following paths in that order :"]
["if vertical map repetition is enabled the map repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges .", "if vertical repetition is enabled the vertical repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges .", "if vertical <INSERT_END> repetition is enabled the map repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges .", "if map vertical repetition is enabled the map repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges .", "if map repetition is enabled the map repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges ."]
["returns an collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .", "returns a collection all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order ."]
["return a scalar encodec for the given range .", "return a encodec codec for the given range .", "return a scalar for the given range .", "return a encodec for the given range .", "return a scalar encodec encodec for the given range ."]
["gets the user name .", "gets the user name from the user id .", "gets the group name from the user id .", "gets the user name name from the user id .", "gets group name from the user id ."]
["the default is map reduce command . output type . replace", "note , the default is map reduce output type . replace", "note , the default is map reduce action . output type . replace", "note , the default is map reduce command . type . replace", "note , the default is map reduce command output type replace"]
["returns the entry at the given position but does not update the internal", "returns the playlist at the given position but does not update the internal", "returns the entries at the given position but does not update the internal", "returns the playlist entry at the given position but does not update the internal", "returns the at the given position but does not update the internal"]
["chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 10 ]", "chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 4 ]", "chosen bits are [ 8", "chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 0xf ]", "chosen bits are [ 10 , 6 , 7 ]"]
["method set tuple sets the tuple of this tuple entry object .", "method set tuple sets the tuple of entry object .", "method set tuple sets the tuple of the tuple entry object .", "method set tuple sets the tuple of this tuple entry object .", "method set tuple sets the tuple of this unmodifiable entry object ."]
["creates a new jetty factories factory .", "creates a new jetty connection factories .", "creates a new jetty connection factory .", "creates a new connection factory .", "creates a new jetty connection factory factories ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add configuration setting with response # configuration setting - context", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting configuration with response # configuration setting - context", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting with configuration response # configuration setting - context", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . with response # configuration setting - context", "snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting add configuration response # configuration setting - context"]
["report the algebraic area between function axis .", "report the algebraic area axis .", "report the algebraic area between area and x axis .", "report the algebraic area .", "report the algebraic area between function ."]
["creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 . elong of eint list of eint ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 . list of elong list of elong ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 of elong of eint list of eint ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 . eint of eint list of eint ' .", "creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 . ifc4 . list of eint ' ."]
["makes a text component using strings from a locale and supports passing an undefined number of variables to the locale loader", "makes a text component using strings from a locale and supports passing an undefined number of variables to the locale manager", "makes a text component using strings from a manager and supports passing an undefined number of variables to the manager loader", "makes a text component using strings from a and supports passing an undefined number of variables to the loader", "makes a text component using strings from a locale and supports passing an undefined number of manager to the locale loader"]
["is the value with this qualifier less than the length of sequence ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the sequence of array ?", "is the value with this qualifier less than the length of sequence ?", "is the value with this qualifier sequence than the length of array ?"]
["copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified name element name renaming .", "copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified name element name .", "copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified name element .", "copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified element name renaming mapping .", "copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified name mapping ."]
["returns the status of the global rotation assigned to this .", "returns the status of the global rotation assigned to this .", "returns the rotation of the global rotation assigned to this .", "gets the status of the global rotation assigned to this .", "returns the status of the rotation assigned to this ."]
["checks whether two filenames are equal using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two file are equal using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are file using the case rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are equal using the file rules of the system .", "checks whether two filenames are equal using the case file of the system ."]
["the documentation of fcpplugin connection tracker # get connection ( uuid ) applies to this function .", "the documentation of fcpplugin client tracker # get connection ( uuid ) applies to this function .", "the documentation of fcpplugin client tracker # get client ( uuid ) applies to this function .", "the documentation of fcpplugin client tracker # ( uuid ) applies to this function .", "the documentation of fcpplugin client tracker # get client ( connection ) applies to this function ."]
["returns the cluster name used as a publisher cluster name for authentication on the target endpoint .", "returns the group name used as a publisher cluster name for authentication on the target endpoint .", "returns the cluster name used as a publisher group name for authentication on the target endpoint .", "returns the group name used as a cluster group name for authentication on the target endpoint .", "returns the cluster name used as a publisher group name for authentication on the target endpoint ."]
["get user keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair .", "get user keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair .", "keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair .", "keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair .", "get key keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["stop managing a dataset .", "stop managing a graph .", "stop managing a dataset graph .", "stop managing a false .", "stop managing an dataset ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified payment name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name ."]
["in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in uris all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in case all entries are uris , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .", "in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no uris is found .", "in uri all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found ."]
["adds one more acceptable indentation level .", "adds one more indentation level .", "adds one more acceptable indentation level .", "adds one more base indentation level .", "adds one more acceptable level ."]
["if a # get cipher service ( ) cipher is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array .", "if a # get get service ( ) get service is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array .", "if a # get cipher service ( ) cipher service is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array .", "if a # get cipher ( ) cipher is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array .", "if a # get ( ) get cipher service is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for principal and debugging ."]
["services whose route matches the specified route .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified http route .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified route route .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified key route .", "decorates services whose route matches the specified virtual route ."]
["morewover , said statement must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer .", "morewover , said must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer .", ", said statement must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer .", "morewover , said modification must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer .", "morewover , statement must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer ."]
["returns if this info is a folder .", "returns if this resource is a info .", "returns if resource is a info .", "info .", "set the ."]
["when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied and then the translation .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first .", "when transforming a vector by the resulting translation the rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation ."]
["the width output fraction can be controlled .", "the width of the output fraction can be fraction or decimal .", "the width of the output fraction can be controlled and decimal .", "the width of the output fraction can be controlled or decimal .", "the width of the output controlled and decimal can be controlled ."]
["get the transcripts as a of transcripts in order .", "returns the transcripts as a of transcripts in order .", "gets the transcripts as a of transcripts in order .", "get as a of transcripts in order .", "get the transcripts as the of transcripts in order ."]
["upsert the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .", "upsert the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection .", "upsert the blob metadata document in the cosmos collection , retrying as necessary .", "upsert the blob metadata document in the cloud db collection , retrying as necessary .", "upsert a blob metadata document in a cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary ."]
["calls to register are idempotent ; adding the same component class more than once has no additional effect .", "calls to register are component ; adding the same annotated class more than once has no additional effect .", "calls to register are idempotent ; adding the same annotated component more than once has no additional effect .", "calls to register are idempotent ; adding the same component more than once has no additional effect .", "calls to register are idempotent ; component the same annotated class more than once has no additional effect ."]
["determine if a specific piece of text appears in log output .", "determine if a specific piece of text appears in pattern output .", "determine if a specific piece of text appears in output .", "determine if a specific piece of pattern appears in log output .", "determine if a specific piece of text appears in log pattern ."]
["code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options retry ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , options ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range ,", "code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , download options retry retry ,"]
["truncates log entries with delete > = entry index .", "truncates log entries with indexes > entry index .", "truncates log entries with log > = entry index .", "truncates log entries with > = entry index .", "truncates log entries with %UNK% > = entry index ."]
["ping # # # functional description : test connection to dracoon server ( while authenticated ) .", "ping # # # functional description : test connection to dracoon server .", "ping # # # functional : test connection to dracoon server ( while authenticated ) .", "ping # # # description : test connection to dracoon server ( while authenticated ) .", "# # # functional description : test connection to dracoon server ( while authenticated ) ."]
["gets the value of the content elts property .", "gets the value of the content property .", "gets the value of the level content property .", "gets the value of the block content elts property .", "gets the value of the block content property ."]
["or throws a no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a wsrp no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a wsrp . no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found"]
["clears the value of the ' cf name ' field", "clears the value of the ' _ name ' field", "clears the value of the ' cf ' field", "clears the value of the ' cf name ' field", "clears the value of the ' cf name '"]
["use host access # explicit or host access # all .", "policy # explicit or host access policy # all .", "use # explicit or host access policy # all .", "access # explicit or host access policy # all .", "use host access policy # explicit policy # all ."]
["gets the value of the content property .", "gets the value of the content content property .", "gets the value paragraph content property .", "gets the value of the list content property .", "gets the value of the object content property ."]
["creates an unicast terminate with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single terminate cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal terminate capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given terminate buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .", "creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity terminate and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription ."]
["check if the container size .", "check .", "check if the container if valid .", "check if the container size if valid .", "returns if the container size if valid ."]
["currently only ever returns true for default constructors added by the compiler .", "only ever returns true for default constructors added by the compiler .", "currently only returns true for default constructors added by the compiler .", "returns true for default constructors added by the compiler .", "true for default constructors added by the compiler ."]
["returns the item .", "returns the item with weight calculation .", "returns the item", "returns the item with weight calculation .", "returns the item with item calculation ."]
["if end index > this # base series end index + 1 the new time series will end at the last available bar of this time series", "if end index > this . base series end index + 1 the new time series will end at the last available bar of this time series", "if end index > this . series end index + 1 the new time series will end at the last available bar of this time series", "if end index > this . series end index + 1 the new base time series will end at the last available bar of this time series", "if end index . base this . series end index + 1 the new time series will end at the last available bar of this time series"]
["deletes a single document from the solr client .", "deletes a single document from the solr client .", "deletes a single document from the solr .", "deletes a single document from the client server .", "deletes a single document from the solr client client ."]
["tests similarity transform on the example provided in the 23031 projection guide , page 99", "tests similarity transform on the example provided in the 25831 projection guide , page 99", "tests similarity transform on the example provided in the projection guide , page 99", "tests similarity transform on the example provided in the page 99", "tests similarity transform on the example provided in the guide page 99"]
["sets the client protocol .", "sets the protocol transport .", "sets the client protocol .", "sets the client .", "sets the transport ."]
["returns the long value if this primitive value is of size long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is of long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is long .", "returns the long value if this value is of type long .", "returns the long value if this primitive value is of type long ."]
["if - - entity parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - - entity has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - entity has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - entity parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - - parameter entity been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts ."]
["the transition from native in cfunction epilogue node # c function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call .", "the transition from native in cfunction epilogue node # function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call .", "the transition from native in cfunction epilogue node # status function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call .", "the transition from native in epilogue node # c function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call .", "the transition from status in cfunction epilogue node # c function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call ."]
["does not exist ) an introspection error is thrown .", "does not exist ) a introspection error is thrown .", "does not exist ) a list error is thrown .", "does not exist ) a list of introspection error is thrown .", "does not exist ) introspection error is thrown ."]
["this can be used to perform simply scoping of the on next failure strategy or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map .", "this can be used to perform scoping of the on next failure strategy or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map .", "this can be used to perform simply scoping of the on next or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map .", "this can be used to perform simply scoping of the on next sub - strategy or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map .", "this can be used to perform simply scoping on the the on next failure strategy or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map ."]
["returns menu button part hitbox .", "returns button part hitbox .", "returns menu part hitbox .", "returns menu button menu hitbox .", "returns menu button hitbox ."]
["gets the value of the spin value property .", "gets the value of the spin property .", "gets the value of the spin value property", "gets the value of the spin spin property .", "gets the value of the spin value ."]
["set the http : header used to when making a sparql protocol query .", "set the http accept used to when making a sparql protocol query .", "set the http accept : header used to when making a sparql protocol .", "set the accept : header used to when making a sparql protocol query .", "set the http accept header used to when making a sparql protocol query ."]
["initializes the inter - cluster distance matrix and the prototypes of possible merges", "initializes the inter - cluster distance matrix", "initializes the inter distance matrix and the prototypes of possible merges", "initializes the distance matrix and the prototypes of possible merges", "initializes the inter - cluster distance matrix merges"]
["sets the protocol version before activate connection flag .", "sets the @ literal ping before protocol version flag .", "sets the @ literal ping before protocol connection flag .", "sets the @ literal ping before protocol version .", "sets the @ literal ping before protocol version connection flag ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["requests that the player prepare a media item with the specific uri for playback .", "requests that the prepare prefetch a media item with the specific uri for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a media item with the specific uri for playback .", "requests that the player prefetch a prepare item with the specific uri for playback .", "prepare that the player prefetch a media item with the specific uri for playback ."]
["this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaterniondc quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .", "this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaterniondc , double ) using their relative interpolation weights ."]
["returns the ( ) kurtosis population skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( population skew excess of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( ) kurtosis population skew of all the values within a dataset", "returns the ( ) kurtosis population skew of all the values within a dataset"]
["track the height of added key point .", "track the height of previous key point .", "track the height point .", "track the height of corners added key point .", "track the height of previous added key ."]
["however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", ", the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with observers the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from %UNK% class files left from a previous build of a jar ."]
["returns true if field local trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if trace local trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if local <INSERT_END> trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0 .", "decreases count by decrement and de - allocates this object if reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0", "decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object reference count reaches 0"]
["if the type already exists , then a type already exists fault is returned .", "if the already exists , then a already exists fault is returned .", "if the then a type already exists fault is returned .", "if the type already exists , then a is returned .", "if the exists , then a exists fault is returned ."]
["obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , repo group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , repo , bond group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , repo group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve repo , date , bond group and value .", "obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , repo group and value ."]
["example :", "reference :", "repo :", "revision :", "message :"]
["get the resource graph for the graph .", "get the resource .", "get the resource for the graph .", "get the resource graph .", "get the gremlin for the graph ."]
["returns a child , low - level preceding axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level child axis iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding child iterator .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding axis child .", "returns a lightweight , low - level preceding iterator ."]
["add listeners to the checkbox / list set .", "add listeners to the checkbox .", "add listeners to the checkbox set .", "add listeners to a checkbox / list set .", "add listeners to the checkbox / list set ."]
["calculates stats based on the calculated course grade values", "calculates stats based on the course grade values", "calculates stats based on the calculated grade values", "calculates stats based on the calculated course grade values .", "calculates stats based on given"]
["to add / remove / change points , you must call set points again .", "to add / remove / change points , you must call points again .", "to set / remove / change points , you must call set points again .", "to adds / remove / change points , you must call set points again .", "to add / remove / change points set points again ."]
["error units is pixels squared .", "error units is pixels .", "units is pixels squared .", "error units is pixels executes .", "configuration units is pixels squared ."]
["configure hk2 binders in the hk2 instance manager locator and enable jax - rs features .", "configure hk2 binders in the hk2 instance locator and enable jax - rs features .", "configure hk2 binders in the hk2 service instance manager and enable jax - rs features .", "configure hk2 binders in the hk2 instance manager and enable jax - rs features .", "configure hk2 binders in the hk2 service instance and enable jax - rs features ."]
["convert wiki name in database / database name .", "convert wiki name in database / schema name .", "convert wiki name in database name .", "convert wiki name in database .", "convert wiki database in database / schema name ."]
["the executor that decides how this task runs .", "the that decides how this task runs .", "the executor that executor how this task runs .", "the how this task runs .", "the executor executor that decides how this task runs ."]
["the offset is not part of the offset and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the temporal and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result .", "the offset is not part of the date and will be unchanged in the result ."]
["this method returns a url for a cover query for the spotify api .", "this method returns a info for a cover query for the spotify api .", "this method returns a url for a cover query for the spotify info .", "this method returns a album for a cover query for the spotify api .", "this method returns a url for a cover query ."]
["sets the secure value of a cookie .", "sets the secure value of the cookie .", "sets the value of a cookie .", "sets the secure value of an cookie .", "returns the secure value of a cookie ."]
["checking if we can avoid serialization - relevant to rdds .", "checking if we can can avoid serialization - relevant to rdds .", "checking if we can not avoid serialization - relevant to rdds .", "checking if we can can avoid serialization - relevant to rdds .", "checking if can can can avoid serialization - relevant to rdds ."]
["shiro ' s blowfish cipher service already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security .", "shiro ' s cipher service cipher already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security .", "shiro ' s blowfish blowfish service already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security .", "shiro ' s blowfish service cipher already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security .", "shiro ' blowfish service blowfish cipher already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security ."]
["whether the decoder supports the given format .", "whether the decoder supports the given codecs .", "whether the decoder supports the given codecs . codecs .", "whether the decoder supports the given .", "whether the decoder supports the given codec ."]
["applies to all urls requested .", "applies to all urls requested .", "applies to the urls requested by the client .", "applies to all urls requested by the sslsocket .", "returns to all urls requested by the client ."]
["please note that netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the http header format .", "netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the http header format .", "note that netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the http header format .", "please note that netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the header format .", "the please note that netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the http header format ."]
["string , blob range , parallel transfer options , download options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "string , blob range , parallel transfer options , download retry options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "string , blob range , parallel transfer options , blob request conditions , boolean )", "string retry , blob retry , , parallel retry , options , retry , options retry retry , blob request conditions , boolean )", "string , blob range , parallel transfer options , download options blob request conditions , boolean )"]
["configure a interaction for rsocket request type .", "configure a command for interaction request type .", "configure a command .", "configure a command for rsocket request type .", "configure a command for command request type ."]
["this method receives the android . support . v4 . app . task stack builder with the constructed series of", "this method receives the android . support . v4 . task stack builder with the constructed series of", "this method receives the android . support . v4 . app . stack builder with the constructed series of", "this method receives the app . task stack builder with the constructed series of", "this method receives the v4 . task stack builder with the constructed series of"]
["query # rx ( ) .", "query # rx _ internal ( ) .", "query # rx _ _ internal ( ) .", "query # rx .", "query # internal ( ) ."]
["sets the event handlers this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the handlers listeners this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the handlers listeners this handlers handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the event message this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .", "sets the event handlers this event handler invoker will forward all its events to ."]
["the object is unlocked on commit or rollback .", "the object is unlocked on commit .", "the object is unlocked .", "the locked is unlocked on commit or rollback .", "the object is table on commit or rollback ."]
["id of the room in which the individual rooms for users will be created .", "id of the in which the individual rooms for users will be created .", "id of the room in which the deprecated individual rooms for users will be created .", "id of the room in which the individual deprecated for users will be created .", "id of the which the individual rooms for users will be created ."]
["construct the cordova web view object .", "construct the web view object .", "construct the cordova web view .", "construct a cordova web view object .", "the cordova web view object ."]
["group : url", "group : %UNK%", "group : producer", "group : decode", "url : producer"]
["decodes the given object using the configured # user serializer ( ) .", "decodes the given object using the user configured # serializer ( ) .", "decodes the given object using the configured user # serializer ( ) .", "decodes the given object using the configured # serializer ( ) .", "decodes the configured user object using the configured # serializer ( ) ."]
["helper method : concept by range from - to in periods from a different payroll", "helper method : concept from - to in periods from a different payroll ( old compatibility )", "helper method : concept by range from - to in trx from a different payroll ( old compatibility )", "helper method : concept from - to in periods from a different payroll ( old", "helper method : concept by range from - to in periods from a different payroll ."]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["if the block is a procedure block , this get procedure arguments get procedure arguments returns the argument list .", "if the block is a procedure block , this returns procedure arguments returns procedure arguments returns the argument list .", "if the block is a procedure block , this get procedure arguments get procedure arguments returns the argument list .", "if the block is a procedure block get procedure arguments returns the argument list .", "if the block is a procedure block get procedure arguments ."]
["if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the # comparator .", "if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the # tracked event comparator .", "if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the # comparator tracked event .", "if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the tracked event # comparator .", "if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the # tracked event ."]
["loads configuration .", "loads configuration from master .", "loads configuration", "fits configuration from meta master .", "loads configuration from %UNK% master ."]
["queries this search source for the given query string .", "queries this source for the given query string .", "queries this search source for the given query .", "queries this search create contact source for the given query string .", "queries this create for the given query string ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for three and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and three .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["gets the message .", "gets the warning id .", "gets the message id .", "gets the message message .", "gets the id ."]
["but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "but that is okay because # construct state ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .", "but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the collection state over this map .", "# construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map ."]
["respond with provided message in reply to each intercepted outbound message .", "respond with in reply to each intercepted outbound message .", "respond with provided message to each intercepted outbound message .", "respond with provided message reply to each intercepted outbound .", "respond with provided message reply to ."]
["returns the int label of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for it", "returns the of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for it", "returns the int label of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for it", "returns the label of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for it", "returns the int label of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for"]
["the meta - property for the volatilities name property .", "the meta - property for the caplet name property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities floorlet property .", "the meta - property for the caplet floorlet property .", "the meta - property for the volatilities name volatilities property ."]
["blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see org . sonar . process . hard stopper thread )", "blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see org . sonar . process hard . stopper thread )", "blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see org . sonar . process . stopper thread )", "blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see hard . sonar . process . stopper thread )", "blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see org . sonar . hard . stopper thread )"]
["set the selector .", "add the selector .", "set the .", "set the set .", "returns the selector ."]
["encode hi and lo int values into a long", "encode %UNK% and lo int values into a long", "encode hi and lo int values into an long", "encode hi and lo int values into a long .", "encode hi and lo int values into the long"]
["provide a write ptransform to delete data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write to delete data to a cassandra database .", "provide a write ptransform to delete data to a cassandra database .", "provide an write ptransform to delete data to a cassandra database .", "provide an write write to delete data to a cassandra database ."]
["parses a length with an allowed metric unit ( px , in , cm , mm , pc , em or ex ) or numeric value ( e . g .", "parses a length with an allowed metric ( px in , cm , mm , pc , em or ex ) or numeric value ( e . g .", "parses a length with an allowed unit ( px , in , cm , mm , pc , em or ex ) or numeric value ( e . g .", "parses a length with an allowed metric unit ( px in , cm , mm , pc , em or ) or numeric value ( e . g .", "parses a length with an allowed unit ( px in , cm , mm , pc , em or ex ) or numeric value ( e . g ."]
["check if the event is one that kicks off the flow", "check if the event is one that kicks flow . the flow", "check if the event is one that kicks off the flow .", "check if the event is event that kicks off the flow", "check if the event is one that event off the flow"]
["create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .", "create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type map .", "create a new annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .", "create a new merged annotation of from the specified annotation type and attributes map .", "create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes of ."]
["checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query", "checks for internet connection initializes the recycler view with 25", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query .", "checks for internet connection view with 25 categories of the searched", "checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view"]
["checks if the specified expression is a valid database patterns .", "checks if the specified expression is a valid name .", "checks if the specified expression is a valid database name .", "checks if the specified expression is a valid patterns name .", "checks if the specified expression is a patterns database name ."]
["find dspace ' s \" home \" directory .", "find dspace ' s \" home \" directory .", "find dspace ' s \" home \" dspace .", "find dspace ' s \" dspace \" directory .", "find dspace ' dspace \" home \" directory ."]
["returns the color that has been set as color primary on the current theme of this", "returns the color that has been set primary on the current theme of this", "returns the color that has been set as the color primary on the current theme of this", "returns the color that has been set as color primary on the current theme of this color", "returns the color that has been set as color primary on the current theme of this is"]
["generates a transaction .", "generates a random transaction .", "generates an transaction .", "generates random transaction .", "generates a transaction transaction ."]
["property sxextensionsfolder", "property sxextensions", "property extensionsfolder", "property content", "property sxextensionsfolder"]
["checks whether the extension of the file name is that specified .", "checks whether the extension of the name name is that specified .", "checks whether the extension of the file is that specified .", "checks whether the extension of file name is that specified .", "checks whether the extension of the is that specified ."]
["computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["adds the given execution to the registry .", "adds the given graph to the registry .", "adds the given execution graph .", "adds the given execution .", "adds the given execution graph to the registry ."]
["the calibration is defined using rates curve group definition .", "the calibration is defined using curve group definition .", "the calibration is defined using group definition .", "the calibration is defined using rates curve group .", "the calibration is defined using rates curve definition ."]
["does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .", "does not observers the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data flux in the source .", "does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data observers in the source .", "does not close the observers when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source ."]
["test of variance method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of variance method , of class logistic distribution .", "test variance var method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of var method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of method , variance class logistic distribution ."]
["the key create options vault key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key create create key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key create vault key options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key create options vault # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .", "the key create options options key # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified ."]
["attempt to parse a repository from the given uri", "attempt to parse a repo from the given repository", "attempt to repository a repo from the given uri", "attempt to parse an repository from the given uri", "attempt to parse a repo from the given uri"]
["creates a typescript format extension package .", "creates a typescript format extension using the specified package versions .", "creates a typescript format extension using the specified dev package versions .", "creates a typescript format extension versions .", "creates a typescript format extension ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a temporal accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a obtain accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a obtain represents some form of date and time information .", "a time accessor represents some form of and time information ."]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the date timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the specified week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the given week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the specified week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the specified factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the factory in the given timezone timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["returns an immutable map containing four mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable containing four mappings .", "returns an map containing four mappings .", "returns an unmodifiable map containing four mappings .", "returns a map containing four mappings ."]
["returns the j i r a project with the primary key or throws a no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a project with the primary key liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a project with the primary key or throws a socialcoding no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a project with the primary key or throws a socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .", "returns the j i r a project with the primary key . socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found ."]
["gets the value of the pic property .", "gets the value of the pic property .", "gets the value of the property .", "gets the value of the query property .", "gets the value of the short property ."]
["extracts the expressions from a selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a column query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from a selection query , column ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .", "extracts the expressions from the selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies ."]
["scheduler : on error resume source next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error next source next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error resume resume source does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on error error source next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .", "scheduler : on resume source resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler ."]
["write a line of the co nll output .", "write a line of the output .", "write a line of the nll output .", "write a line of a co nll output .", "write a line of the ."]
["read an optional date value form a json value .", "read an optional date form a json value .", "read an date long value form a json value .", "read an optional date value form a json value .", "read an optional form a json value ."]
["throw the multiexception .", "throw a single multiexception .", "throw an .", "throw exception .", "throw a exception ."]
["checks if the current user has view permissions on the given resource .", "checks if the current user has write permissions on the given resource .", "checks if the current user has has permissions on the given resource .", "checks if the current user has view on the given resource .", "checks if the current view has write permissions on the given resource ."]
["you don ' t need to know the size of the archive when you start a multipart upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive size .", "you don ' t need to know the size of the archive when you start a multipart upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive size", "you don ' t need to know the size of the archive when you start a upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive size .", ": you don ' t need to know the size of the archive when you start a multipart upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive size .", "you don ' t need to know the of the archive when you start a multipart upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive ."]
["reset this stub to its binary step .", "reset this stub to binary step .", "reset this stub to the binary step .", "reset this stub to its binary step .", "reset this binary to its binary step ."]
["tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request cluster ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request , amazon ec2", "if you specify both tag keys values in the same request ,"]
["process the potential key signature .", "process the potential signature of the underlying staff .", "process the potential key of the underlying staff .", "process the key signature of the underlying staff .", "process the potential key signature of the underlying signature ."]
["set the time this object was last used to the current time in ms .", "set the time this object was used to the current time in ms .", "set the time this object was last millis used to the current time in ms .", "set the time this object last used to the current time in ms .", "set the time this object was last last millis to the current time in ms ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # create with response ( long , file http headers , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # create with response ( long , http headers httpheaders , http headers smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # create with response ( long , file http , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # create with response ( long , http headers httpheaders , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for , http headers client # create with response ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties ,"]
["obtains an instance of week definition from the first day - of - week days .", "obtains an instance of week definition from the first day - of - week .", "obtains an instance of week definition from the first day - of - week and minimal days .", "obtains an instance of week definition - of - week and minimal days .", "obtains an instance of week definition from the day - of - week and minimal days ."]
["tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri , unmount poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri , poptions options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri , unmount ) method .", "tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri # poptions options ) method ."]
["this test will take a little over a second per rate", "this test will take a little over a second per rate", "this test will take a little over a rate per reservoir", "this test will take a little over a second rate reservoir", "this test will take a little over a second per rate"]
["get load balancer . policy for etcd client .", "get load policy . factory for etcd client .", "get factory for etcd client .", "get policy for etcd client .", "get load balancer policy for etcd client ."]
["builds a transitive option details for the given set of options .", "builds a option details for the given set of options .", "builds a transitive option details for the given create of options .", "builds a transitive option details for the given set of the options .", "builds a transitive option details for the given set of options options ."]
["returns true if field is transactional is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is istransactional is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is acid is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field is acid is transactional ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["find out possible longest length . . .", "find out longest length . . .", "find possible longest length . . .", "find out possible length . . .", "find limit possible longest length . . ."]
["cancel requested event is recorded in the history of the current open with the specified workflow id in the domain .", "is recorded in the history of the current open workflow execution with the specified workflow id in the domain .", "requested event is recorded history of the current open workflow execution with the .", "recorded in history of the current open workflow execution with the specified workflow id in the .", "history of the current open workflow execution with the specified workflow id in the ."]
["the file should contain an x . 509 certificate collection in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 collection chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an collection . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem collection ."]
["test subunit cluster # divide internally ( double , double , int )", "test subunit cluster # divide internally ( double , double , clusterer )", "test subunit cluster # divide internally ( double , double , subunit )", "test clusterer cluster # divide internally ( double , double , int )", "test subunit cluster # divide internally ( double , double , int )"]
["output a description of the current annotation configuration to standard error .", "output a description of the current out configuration to standard error .", "output a description of the current configuration to standard error .", "out a description of the current annotation configuration to standard error .", "output a out of the current annotation configuration to standard error ."]
["adds an existing job to the pending jobs queue .", "adds a job to the pending jobs queue .", "adds an existing job to a pending jobs queue .", "adds a auto job to the pending jobs queue .", "adds an existing job to all queue ."]
["send action request and check execution result with assert function and specific grid instances count .", "send action request and check execution result with assert function .", "send action request execution result with assert function and specific .", "send action request and check execution result with assert function .", "send action request and check execution result and specific grid instances ."]
["returns the value of the bool uses context field .", "returns the value of the baseline uses context field .", "returns the value of the bool field .", "returns the value of the baseline field .", "returns the value of the bitfield bool uses context ."]
["returns the value of the given manifest attribute with consideration to the capsule ' s mode .", "returns the value of the given manifest private with consideration to the capsule ' s mode .", "returns the value of the given manifest manifest with consideration to the capsule ' s mode .", "returns the value of the given attribute with consideration to the capsule ' s mode .", "returns the value of the given private attribute with consideration to the capsule ' s mode ."]
["gets the ignorable in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the string in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the ignorable ignorable in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the ignorable object in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .", "gets the ignorable tree representing the unmarshalled xml document ."]
["appends the name of the given label to # label buf .", "appends the name of the given label to buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label label .", "appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # string buf ."]
["gets a set of directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected .", "gets a list of directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected .", "gets a of directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected .", "gets an list of directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected .", "gets directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected ."]
["test for xqarray # cons ( value ) and array # snoc ( value ) .", "test for array # xqarray ( value ) and array # snoc ( value ) .", "test for xqarray # cons ( value ) and xqarray # snoc ( value ) .", "test # cons ( value ) and array # snoc ( value ) .", "test for xqarray # cons ( value ) and xqarray # snoc ( value ) ."]
["setter of publication date min .", "setter of publication min max .", "setter of publication date .", "setter of publication date min .", "setter of publication date min ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["gets the value of the ' cf name ' field", "gets the value of the ' _ name ' field", "gets the value of the ' cf name '", "gets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field", "gets the value of the ' cf ' field"]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied executor ."]
["insert a entries of the given entry .", "insert a clone of the given entries .", "entries a clone of the given entry .", "insert a clone of the given entries .", "insert an entries of the given entry ."]
["also figures out the name of android / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly .", "figures out the name of android / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly .", "out the name of android / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly .", "the name of android / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly .", "also figures out the name of file / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly ."]
["snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting - is context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting - context", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting - context .", "snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting - context , boolean"]
["note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the list under test .", "note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the array under test .", "note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the value under test .", "note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the array under test .", "note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the object under test ."]
["convert to primitive types .", "convert to primitive types is null .", "convert to primitive types if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null .", "convert to primitive types , returning value if text is null ."]
["this method finds index of selected world from array list .", "this method finds of selected world from array list .", "this method finds index .", "this method returns index of selected world from array list .", "this method finds index of selected world ."]
["get inventory .", "get rechnung .", "get bestelldatum .", "get ertrag .", "get untergruppe ."]
["retrieve all ports attached to a device .", "retrieve all device attached to a server .", "retrieve all ports device to a server .", "retrieve all ports attached to an device .", "retrieve all ports attached to the server ."]
["waits during timeout until attribute with specified attribute name has expected value .", "waits during timeout until attribute with name has expected value .", "waits during timeout until attribute with attribute name has expected value .", "waits during timeout until attribute with given attribute name has expected value .", "waits during attribute until attribute with specified attribute name has expected value ."]
["configure the the maximum disk of a file part .", "configure the the maximum size of a disk part .", "configure the the maximum size of a file disk .", "configure the the maximum of a file part .", "configure the the maximum size of a file ."]
["test of variance method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of variance method , of class chi square distribution .", "test variance var method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of var method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of method , variance class chi square distribution ."]
["aggregates the api , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the service , api , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the api , api , and plan policies into a single ordered list .", "aggregates the contract , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list ."]
["get discount amount .", "get amount .", "get discount .", "get big decimal .", "get big decimal amount ."]
["outputs the simple name of the type", "outputs the simple name of the type .", "outputs the simple name of the type", "outputs the name of the type", "outputs the type name of the type"]
["get system defaults # # # functional description : dracoon system defaults configuration entry point .", "get system defaults dracoon system defaults configuration entry point .", "get system defaults # # # functional description : dracoon system defaults system entry point .", "get system defaults # # # functional description : dracoon system defaults configuration entry point .", "get system defaults # # # functional system : dracoon system defaults configuration entry point ."]
["get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator service locator container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator holder service locator container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator holders service locator container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance locator hk2 service locator container .", "get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator instance service locator container ."]
["tests that after initialization , reinitialize with a different uri should fail .", "tests that after initialization , reinitialize with a uri should fail .", "tests that after initialization with a different uri should fail .", "tests that after initialization .", "tests that after initialization , reinitialize with an uri should fail ."]
["you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account .", ", you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account", "for more information , see source identifier , you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account .", "identifier , you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account .", "identifier , you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account"]
["special case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch .", "special case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch , and copy issue to the current branch .", "case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch , and copy matched issue to the current branch .", "special case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch", "special case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch , ."]
["returns an immutable set containing four elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing four elements .", "returns an set containing four elements .", "returns a set containing four elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing four elements ."]
["return \" t . foo \" from \" region _ _ t _ _ foo \"", "return \" t . foo \" from \" _ t _ _ foo \"", "return \" t . foo \" from / \" region _ _ t _ _ foo \"", "return \" t . foo \" region _ _ t _ _ foo \"", "return \" t . foo \" from \" t _ _ foo \""]
["creates a new instance of address from proto representation .", "creates a new instance of address from grpc representation .", "creates a new instance of address .", "creates a new instance of address from thrift representation .", "creates a new proto of address from thrift representation ."]
["updates the various mpacks and configurations for services participating in the upgrade or downgrade .", "updates the various repositories and configurations for mpacks participating in the upgrade or downgrade .", "updates the various repositories and configurations for services participating in the upgrade or downgrade .", "updates the various repositories and mpacks for services participating in the upgrade or downgrade .", "updates the various repositories and configurations for services participating in the mpacks or downgrade ."]
["aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["checks to see if the number should be send to the channel , or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence number to arrive .", "checks to see if the current sequence should be send to the channel or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence number to arrive .", "checks to see if the current sequence number should be send to the channel , or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence arrive .", "checks to see if the current sequence should be send to the channel , or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence to arrive .", "checks to see if the current sequence be send to the channel , or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence number to arrive ."]
["detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent time range due to local time advancing into daylight savings time .", "detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent time range due to time advancing into daylight savings time .", "detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent time range due to local time advancing into daylight existent requested time .", "detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent requested time range due to local time advancing into daylight savings time .", "detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent time range due to daylight requested time advancing into daylight savings time ."]
["returns all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where parent = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where modified = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where = ?", "returns all the sync d l objects where repository = ?"]
["if - - entity parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - - entity has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - entity parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - - parameter has been specified , entity - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .", "if - entity has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete subdirectory with response # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete sub - with response # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete with response # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete response # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete subdirectory directory with response # string"]
["writes this to directory the standard directory structure .", "writes this to directory the structure .", "writes the to directory the standard directory structure .", "writes this to directory a standard directory structure .", "writes this to directory the write directory structure ."]
["returns the identifying name for the audio properties .", "returns the identifying name for the string properties .", "returns the name for the audio properties .", "returns the identifying name for the properties .", "gets the identifying name for the audio properties ."]
["add the opcodes .", "adds the opcodes for numeric operations to a context .", "add numeric operations to a context .", "add the opcodes for numeric operations to the context .", "create the opcodes for numeric operations to a context ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["returns the on click listener of the car menu item .", "returns the click listener of the car menu item .", "returns on click listener of the car menu item .", "returns the on click listener of the car menu item .", "returns the on click listener of the car menu item"]
["the key key options is required .", "the create key options is required .", "the key vault key options is required .", "the key options is required .", "the create vault key options is required ."]
["returns the base uri of the resource function .", "returns the uri of the resource function .", "returns the uri uri of the resource function .", "returns the request uri of the resource function .", "returns the base uri of the resource function ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response # string", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response # string , context", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response #", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response # certificate"]
["creates an introspected table implementation that is only usable for validation ( i . e .", "creates an introspected table implementation that is only usable for validation", "creates an introspected table implementation that is only usable for validation ( e .", "creates an table implementation that is only usable for validation ( i . e .", "creates a table implementation that is only usable for validation ( i . e ."]
["list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given channel fragment and stream id .", "list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given fragment and stream id .", "list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given fragment channel and stream id .", "list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given channel id .", "list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given fragment <INSERT_END> and stream id ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["adds many iterable to this action profile group .", "adds many member to this action profile group .", "adds many iterable instances to this action profile group .", "adds many to this action profile group .", "adds iterable members to this action profile group ."]
["the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . context scope context .", "the current context might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .", "the current request might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["construct an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( similar to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "construct an object from a byte stream ( jca semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )", "an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )"]
["gets the element view configuration resource type .", "gets the element configuration resource type .", "gets the element view resource type .", "gets the configuration resource type .", "gets the element resource type ."]
["returns a range of all the push notifications devices where u = ? .", "returns a u of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications u where platform = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications devices where u ids = ? ."]
["returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "gets the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .", "returns the string up to .", "returns the string up to but not including the delimiter characters ."]
["update the record ' s sequence number .", "sets the update ' s sequence number .", "updates the record ' s sequence number .", "get the record ' s sequence number .", "adds the record ' s sequence number ."]
["hm body can describe in readable way .", "body rq body can describe in readable way .", "hm body body can describe in readable way .", "hm body can describe in readable way .", "hm row body can describe in readable way ."]
["gets the default ssl host config name .", "gets the default ssl config name .", "gets the default sslhost ssl host name .", "gets the default host host config name .", "gets the ssl host sslhost config name ."]
["retrieve a user userprofile .", "retrieve a optional user userprofile .", "returns a user userprofile .", "retrieve an optional userprofile .", "retrieve the user userprofile ."]
["gets the certificate information of the signature .", "gets the certificate information .", "gets the certificate information of the last signature .", "gets the signature information of the last signature .", "gets the information of the last signature ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["property sxsysappdata", "property sysapp", "property sysappdata", "property content", "property sxsysappdata ."]
["renders this vertex into the buffer , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this into the given buffer builder , assuming that the format is default formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the given vertex buffer , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this vertex into the , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .", "renders this into the given buffer , assuming that the format is default formats # block ."]
["get the joint - normalized mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )", "get the joint - normalized mutual information ( 0 = unequal )", "get the joint mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )", "get the joint - normalized mutual information", "get the joint - normalized mutual information )"]
["services incoming multiple write calls .", "services incoming multi write calls .", "services incoming entries write calls .", "services incoming write calls .", "multiple incoming range write calls ."]
["this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) format method .", "this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) # format method .", "this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) format method ."]
["if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( object ) has been used to bind to an item , item level validators are run for that bean .", "if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( object ) has been used to bind to an bean , item level validators are run for that bean .", "if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( bean ) has been used to bind to an item , item level validators are run for that bean .", "if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( object ) has been used to bind to , item level validators are run for that bean .", "if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( object ) has been used to bind to an bean , an bean level validators are run for that bean ."]
["sometimes we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference .", "we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference .", "note : sometimes we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference .", "fixme sometimes we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference .", "auto we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference ."]
["get stop function snippet block .", "get graceful stop function snippet block .", "get graceful function snippet block .", "get stop graceful snippet block .", "get get graceful function snippet block ."]
["test of variance method , of class poisson .", "test of variance method , of class poisson .", "test of var method , of class poisson .", "test variance var method , of class poisson .", "test of variance variance method , of class poisson ."]
["this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , list , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature .", "this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , rating , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature ."]
["get the score for all movesets , in either defence or attack score .", "get the score for all movesets , in either defence or pokemon score .", "get the score pokemon for all movesets , in either defence or attack score .", "get for all movesets , in either defence or attack score .", "get the pokemon for all movesets , in either defence or attack score ."]
["the timestamp last update to the example .", "the timestamp for the update to the example .", "the last update to the example .", "the timestamp .", "the updated for the last update to the example ."]
["evaluates token @ rhs , where @ is the operator , and returns the result .", "evaluates y @ rhs , where @ is the operator , and returns the result .", "evaluates x @ rhs , where @ is the operator , and returns the result .", "evaluates lhs @ rhs , where @ is the y , and returns the result .", "evaluates lhs @ rhs , where @ is the token , and returns the result ."]
["if just need to do additional things before firing the drop event , then you should override # on drop ( string , drop effect ) instead .", "if just need to do additional things before firing the drop event , then you should override # on drop ( string effect ) instead .", "if just need to do additional things before firing event , then you should override # on drop ( string , drop effect ) instead .", "if just need to do additional things before firing the drop event , then you should override # on drop ( types , drop effect ) instead .", "if just need to do additional things before firing the drop event , then you should override # on drop ( drop , drop effect ) instead ."]
["gets the value . mutable for the parrot type of this parrot .", "gets the value . mutable for the parrot type of this parrot .", "gets the value . mutable for the parrot of this parrot .", "gets the value . mutable for the type variant of this type .", "gets the value . mutable for the parrot of this parrot ."]
["extracts geometry information from the instance , if present .", "extracts geometry information from the instance .", "extracts geometry information from a instance , if present .", "extracts geometry information from the instance", "extracts geometry information from the content , if present ."]
["adds member to this action profile group .", "adds one member instance to this action profile group .", "adds one to this action profile group .", "adds default member to this action profile group .", "adds one default to this action profile group ."]
["this does not close or release datasets or graphs held by client code .", "this does not close or release datasets held by client code .", "this does not close datasets or graphs held by client code .", "this does not close or release datasets held by client .", "this does not close or release datasets ."]
["indicates if the current variant is equal to the given variant .", "indicates if the is equal to the given variant .", "indicates if the variant is equal to the given variant .", "indicates to the given variant .", "indicates ."]
["gets the value of the item property .", "gets the value of the item property .", "gets the value of the item .", "gets the value of item property .", "gets the value of the item property ."]
["the maximum number of file path that can be supplied is 5 .", "the maximum number of file path pairs that can be supplied is 5 .", "file path / content pairs that can be supplied is 5 .", "the maximum number of path content pairs that can be supplied is 5 .", "the maximum number of file content pairs that can be supplied is 5 ."]
["the file should contain an x . 509 certificate collection in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 collection chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an collection . 509 certificate chain in pem format .", "the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem collection ."]
["this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s .", "this method should be called before reusing same phaser list between several s .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s current .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several reusing current .", "this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several same current ."]
["gets the builder .", "gets the new .", "gets the new builder .", "returns the confidence .", "returns the builder ."]
["see global checkpoint tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details .", "see checkpoint tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details .", "see index shard routing tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details .", "see index shard routing checkpoint tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details .", "see index checkpoint tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details ."]
["evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as thread local ) .", "evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as local ) .", "evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as .", "evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as ) .", "evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as local ) ."]
["get authentication settings # # # functional description : retrieve the settings of authentication configuration .", "get authentication settings retrieve the settings of authentication configuration .", "returns authentication settings # # # functional description : retrieve the settings of authentication configuration .", "get authentication settings # # # functional description : returns the settings of authentication configuration .", "otherwise get authentication settings # # # functional description : retrieve the settings of authentication configuration ."]
["gets the receiver ( sequence ) of a length access , or null if length is not a length access .", "gets the receiver of a length access node , or null if length node is not a length access .", "gets the ( sequence ) of a length access node , or null if length node is not a length access .", "gets the receiver ( sequence ) of a length access node , or null if length node is not a length access .", "gets the receiver ( sequence ) of a length access node"]
["obtains an instance of local date from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of local date from a date - time .", "obtains an instance of local date from a date object .", "obtains an instance of local date from a date - time temporal .", "obtains a of local date from a date - time object ."]
["return all elements until specified time period has elapsed", "return all elements until specified time period has drop", "return all elements until specified time drop has elapsed", "return all drop until specified time period has elapsed", "return all elements until specified drop period has elapsed"]
["collect capabilities of an index .", "capabilities of an index .", "collect capabilities of a .", "collect capabilities of a index .", "collect capabilities of a index ."]
["returns the param consolescript .", "returns the param webserverscript .", "returns the param .", "returns the param webserverscript .", "returns the webserverscript consolescript ."]
["if only public access and unconditional access are allowed , the suffix is \" / public lookup \" .", "if only public access the suffix is \" / public lookup \" .", "if only public access and unconditional access are allowed , the suffix is \" lookup \" .", "if only public access , the suffix is \" / public lookup \" .", "if only public access and unconditional access are allowed , the suffix is \" \" ."]
["returns the capture mode .", "returns the capture capture mode .", "returns the capture mode .", "returns the . capture mode .", "returns the mode ."]
["tests the get compact long length ( ) method .", "tests the compact long length ( ) method .", "tests the get long length ( ) method .", "tests the test compact long length ( ) method .", "tests the get compact long length method ."]
["it will cause the service to transition from state # stopping to state # terminated .", "it will cause the service to transition # stopping to state # terminated .", "it will cause the service to transition from state # stopping to state # notify .", "it will cause the service to transition from state # notify to state # terminated .", "it will cause the service to transition from stopped # stopping to state # terminated ."]
["the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted to a type .", "the option will be converted a type .", "the option will be converted to a configurer .", "the option will be converted to the type ."]
["the command is ignored if an update operation takes place .", "update operation takes place .", "the command is ignored if a operation takes place .", "the command is ignored if an update operation takes place .", "an update operation takes place ."]
["tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .", "tests assert that the http can be deleted after unlock the http .", "tests assert that can be deleted after unlock setting .", "tests assert that the setting with response can be deleted after unlock the setting with response .", "tests with response assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting ."]
["index roll dates are 20th march .", "index roll semiannual are 20th march and september .", "index roll dates are 20th and september .", "index roll are 20th march and september .", "index roll dates are march and september ."]
["perform the \" enhanced key schedule \" step described by provos and mazieres in \" a future - adaptable password scheme \" url", "perform the schedule \" step described by provos and mazieres in \" a future - adaptable password scheme \" url", "perform the \" step described by provos and mazieres in \" a future - adaptable password scheme \" url", "perform the \" key schedule \" step described by provos and mazieres in \" a future password scheme \" url", "perform the key schedule \" step described by provos and mazieres in \" a future - adaptable password scheme \" url"]
["send request to gracefully stop to the process ( via ipc shared memory )", "send request to gracefully gracefully hard to the process ( via ipc shared memory )", "send request to gracefully hard stop to the process ( via ipc shared memory )", "send request to gracefully stop hard to the process ( via ipc shared memory )", "send request to stop hard stop to the process ( via ipc shared memory )"]
["add the parameter expression at the given index .", "set the parameter expression .", "add the parameter expression .", "set the parameter expression at the given index .", "returns the parameter expression at the given index ."]
["getter for book modified property", "getter for book property or upgraded property", "getter for book modified or upgraded property", "getter for book modified modified or upgraded", "getter for book modified property or upgraded"]
["tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a sequence based on the given sequence delimiter .", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given", "tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter ."]
["efficient version of # lock child ( inode , lock pattern ) for when the child path components are already known .", "efficient version of # lock child ( inode view lock pattern ) for when the child path components are already known .", "efficient version of # lock child ( inode view pattern ) for when the child path components are already known .", "efficient version of # lock child ( inode lock pattern ) for when the child path components are already known .", "efficient version of child ( inode view lock pattern ) for when the child path components are already known ."]
["updates the underlying schema .", "updates the underlying schema", "updates the schema based on the schema description .", "updates the underlying schema based on the schema os .", "updates the underlying os based on the os description ."]
["remove a cache entries for a sentence", "remove a entries entry for a sentence", "remove a cache entry for a sentence", "remove a cache entries for a sentence", "remove a cache entry for a entries"]
["the option is a : type .", "the option is a type .", "the option a : type .", "option is a : type .", "the option is the : type ."]
["returns true if wifi calling is enabled for at least one phone .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for at least one subscription .", "returns true if calling is enabled for at least one phone .", "returns true if subscription calling is enabled for at least one phone .", "returns true if wifi calling is enabled for at subscription one phone ."]
["invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent requires to resolve the given root modules", "invokes parent . resolve to resolve the given root modules .", "invokes parent . resolve resolve the given root modules ."]
["client will automatically attempt to automatic to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically automatic to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "automatic will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatic attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .", "client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the automatic if the connection is lost ."]
["check equality of two char sequence objects .", "check equality of two string char sequence .", "check equality of string objects .", "check equality of two string objects .", "returns equality of two string objects ."]
["returns the default pivot of a item on a specific axis .", "returns the default pivot of a abstract on a specific axis .", "returns the default pivot of a abstract item on a specific axis .", "returns the default pivot of a item item on a specific axis .", "returns the default pivot of an abstract item on a specific axis ."]
["returns the cipher service to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "returns the service to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "returns the to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized cipher identity service data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .", "returns the cipher to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of service identity data .", "returns the to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity cipher identity service to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data ."]
["this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an linked immutable map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an map .", "this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable linked map .", "this method returns an linked collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map ."]
["effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the annotation marker interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object .", "effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the marker interface .", "effectively clones the original proxy object adds the constant annotation marker interface ."]
["inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful structure item objects that are encountered .", "inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful item objects that are encountered .", "inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful dictionary item objects that are encountered .", "inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful", "inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful dictionary objects that are encountered ."]
["returns the console script .", "returns the webserverscript script .", "returns the script .", "returns the webserverscript .", "returns the console webserverscript ."]
["this method is not thread - safe for the indexed remaining units and should be called atomically relative to the indexed remaining units .", "this method is not thread - safe for the insertion remaining units and should be called atomically relative to the insertion remaining units .", "this method is not thread - safe for the indexed remaining units and should be called atomically relative to the indexed remaining units .", "this method is not thread - safe for order units and should be called atomically relative to insertion order units .", "this method is not thread - safe for the indexed remaining and should be called atomically relative to the indexed remaining ."]
["add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with proper default values .", "add - - adminport and - - instanceport options .", "add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with default values .", "add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with hazelcast default values .", "add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with %UNK% default values ."]
["returns list of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table .", "returns list of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table .", "returns list kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table .", "returns holder of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table .", "returns list and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table ."]
["gets the dataset with the specified id .", "gets the dataset with the specified id and applies the specified changes .", "gets the dataset id and applies specified changes .", "returns the dataset with the specified id and applies the specified changes .", "gets the dataset with the specified id and returns the specified changes ."]
["get the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "returns the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "get the long a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .", "get the time a publication will linger in long after being drained .", "get the a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained ."]
["merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this frame with the given locals ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret locals ) .", "merges this locals with the given locals ( case of a ret instruction ) .", "merges this locals with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) ."]
["you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as an existing table in an amazon elastic", "you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as an existing table in an", "you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as an table in an amazon", "you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as an existing table in an amazon table", "you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as existing table in amazon"]
["copies a file to folder with specified copy params and returns copied destination .", "copies a file to folder with specified file params and returns copied destination .", "copies a file to folder with specified copy params .", "copies a file to folder with specified copy params and returns copied file .", "copies a file to file with specified copy params and returns copied destination ."]
["checks if is the default token of an annotation field .", "checks if ast is the default token of an annotation field .", "checks if ast is the token of an annotation field .", "checks if is the default token of an annotation field field .", "checks if ast is the default token of an annotation ."]
["adds a old temporal memory to this layer", "adds a temporal memory to this layer", "adds a memory to this layer", "adds a temporal old memory to this layer", "adds a old memory to this layer"]
["the module name ( \" \" for the unnamed module ) .", "the module name ( \" \" for the name module ) .", "the module name ( \" \" for the unnamed module ) .", "the name name ( \" \" for the unnamed name ) .", "."]
["get belegart .", "get werbemassnahme order .", "get preisliste .", "get lager order .", "get ablaufsteuerung order ."]
["marks type , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if any of its members are also specifically included .", "marks throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if any of its members are also specifically included .", "marks type , throwing if it is explicitly excluded are also specifically included .", "marks type , throwing if it is explicitly excluded .", "marks type it is explicitly excluded , or if of its ."]
["in case nodes are added from within a class - level or cross - parameter constraint , the node representing the constraint element will be dropped .", "in case nodes are added from within a class - level or constraint , the node representing the constraint element will be dropped .", "in case nodes are added from within a class - level or cross constraint , the node representing the constraint element will be dropped .", "in case nodes are added from within a class - level or cross - parameter constraint the node representing the constraint element will be dropped .", "in case nodes are added from within a class - level or cross - parameter constraint the node representing the element will be dropped ."]
["gets the value as a long in the topic process meta of a given key .", "gets the value as a long in the topic of a given key .", "gets the value as a long in the topic process meta meta of a given key .", "gets the value as a long in the topic table of a given key .", "gets the as a long in the metrics topic process meta of a given key ."]
["returns a set .", "returns a unshifted ip addresses .", "returns unshifted ip addresses .", "returns a of unshifted ip addresses .", "returns a set ip addresses ."]
["return control \" header value .", "return the \" cache - control \" header value .", "return the control \" header value .", "return the - control \" header value .", "returns the \" cache - control \" header value ."]
["returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name in the module target attribute .", "returns the platform of the given os name specified in the target attribute ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a progress notification for the given download states .", "returns a progress notification for the given list states .", "returns a progress notification for the given states .", "returns a progress notification for the given list .", "returns a progress notification for the given download states ."]
["sets an attribute on the given element .", "sets a on the given element .", "sets an attribute on the given elem element .", "sets an attribute on the given attribute element .", "sets an attribute on the given element ."]
["this method looks at the authority of a metadata .", "this method looks at a authority of a metadata .", "this method looks at the authority of the metadata .", "this method looks at the metadata authority of a metadata .", "this authority looks at the authority of a metadata ."]
["device - general information reports have 2 key value pairs for every attribute .", "device - general information reports have key value pairs for every attribute .", "device - general information reports have key value pairs for every attribute .", "device - general information reports have %UNK% key value pairs for every attribute .", "device - general information reports have 2 key value pairs for the attribute ."]
["returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key liferay . samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key or throws a samplelar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key or throws a samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["signed data is signed it using .", "data is signed it using .", "cookie signed is signed it using .", "cookie data is signed it using .", "signed is signed it using ."]
["sets the separate separator .", "returns the item separator .", "sets the separator .", "gets the item separator .", "set the item separator ."]
["use policy host access # explicit or host access # public .", "use host policy access # explicit or host access # public .", "use host access # explicit policy or host access # public .", "use host access # explicit or host policy access # public .", "use host access # use policy or host access # public ."]
["before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information useful for other modules on the shared web module context .", "before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information useful for other modules on the shared web context .", "before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information useful for other modules on the shared context .", "before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information useful for other modules on the shared servlet web module .", "before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information for other modules on the shared servlet context ."]
["if the specified workflow execution is not open , this method fails with unknown resource .", "if the specified workflow execution is not open , this method fails with resource .", "if the specified execution is not open , this method fails with unknown resource .", "if the workflow execution is not open , this method fails with unknown resource .", "if the specified workflow is not open , this method fails with unknown resource ."]
["indicates whether an optional content group is enabled .", "indicates whether an content group is enabled .", "indicates whether a content group is enabled .", "indicates whether a group is enabled .", "indicates whether is enabled ."]
["returns the flow table .", "returns the tables table for specified device .", "returns the flow tables for specified device .", "returns the table table for specified device .", "returns the flow table for specified device ."]
["check that removing enum fields requires migration", "check that removing enum fields requires migration .", "check that removing enum fields requires test", "check that removing test fields requires migration", "check that removing enum fields requires should"]
["create renew check action state .", "create action check decision state .", "create renew check state .", "create check decision state .", "create renew check decision action ."]
["sedec the value of the ' kosten ' field .", "sedec the value of the ' dec ' 9 .", "sedec the value of the ' 9 ' field .", "sedec the value of the ' fixed ' field .", "sedec the value of the ' dec ' field ."]
["invokes # create factory , but checks against recursive calls .", "invokes # create provider , but checks against recursive calls .", "invokes # create service factory , but checks against recursive calls .", "invokes # create , but checks against recursive calls .", "invokes # service factory , but checks against recursive calls ."]
["when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a def available .", "when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a module def available .", "when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a module available .", "when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a library def available .", "when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a resource def available ."]
["converts this module to a normal module with the given dependences", "converts this module to an normal module with the given dependences", "converts this normal to a strict normal with the given dependences", "converts this module to a not module with the given dependences", "converts this module to normal module with the given dependences"]
["method that overrides wait until page is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load .", "method that overrides wait until groups is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load .", "method that overrides groups until page is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load .", "method that groups wait until page is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load .", "that overrides wait until page is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load ."]
["set runtime hk2 bean manager .", "set runtime hk2 instance .", "set runtime hk2 bean .", "set runtime hk2 instance manager .", "set runtime hk2 manager manager ."]
["make sure that cell . blank cell type ( cell type . blank ) preserves the cell style", "make sure that cell . cell type ( cell type blank ) preserves the cell style", "make sure that cell . blank type ( cell type . blank ) preserves the cell style", "make sure that set cell type ( cell type . blank ) preserves the cell style", "make sure that cell . set cell type blank ) preserves the cell style"]
["this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction object , if any .", "this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction , if any .", "this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction object", "this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction object .", "this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction savepoint , if any ."]
["tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives trading api exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives api exception from", "the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives trading api exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives api exception from", "tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives"]
["this version avoids certain types of overflow .", "this version avoids types of overflow .", "version avoids certain types of overflow .", "this version avoids certain types of .", "certain types of overflow ."]
["gets the regularization lambda .", "returns the regularization lambda .", "gets the lambda .", "gets the regularization get lambda .", "gets the get lambda ."]
["get the \" configuration \" cors configuration .", "get the cors configuration .", "get the \" \" cors configuration .", "get the \" url \" cors configuration .", "get the \" cors \" cors configuration ."]
["only avaialable for sync client", "only included for avaialable client", "only included for sync client", "avaialable included for sync client", "included for sync client"]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["formats the file number .", "formats the formatter number .", "formats the file .", "formats the formatter .", "formats the sequence file ."]
["the ec vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec options vault options vault key create options options vault key get options vault key type ( ) options vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec key vault key vault key create options key vault key get key vault key type ( ) key vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec key create options vault key # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec ec vault ec vault key create options ec vault key get ec vault key type ( ) ec vault key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["test of length method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of npara method , of class logistic distribution .", "test of method , length class logistic distribution .", "test of method , class logistic distribution ."]
["defaults to running before on submit ( ) .", "defaults to running before form # .", "defaults to running before # on submit ( ) .", "defaults to running form # on .", "defaults to running form # on ."]
["add a subscription to the list of disposable to be subscribed at cancellation time .", "add a disposable to the list of subscriptions to be subscribed at cancellation time .", "add a subscription to the list of disposables to be subscribed at cancellation time .", "add a disposables to the list of subscriptions to be subscribed at cancellation time .", "add a subscription to the list of dispose to be subscribed at cancellation time ."]
["test get procedure", "test test volt procedure", "test get volt", "test get procedure volt", "test volt get procedure"]
["sends nx - cli request message to the device .", "sends nx - command request message to the device .", "sends nx - api cli message to the device .", "sends nx - api request message to the cli .", "sends nx to the device ."]
["gets all tv show seasons from database", "returns all tv show seasons from database", "gets all tv show seasons", "gets all tv show seasons .", "gets all tv show seasons from database ."]
["linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t v1 c", "linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t m2 c", "linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t b v1", "linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t v3 c", "linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t b m2"]
["if the null is returned , session result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , session result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .", "if the null is returned , session result # session _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned ."]
["if it contains a single exception that is thrown , otherwise the this multi exception is thrown .", "if it contains a single exception that is thrown , otherwise the this", "if it contains a single exception that is thrown , cause the this multi exception is thrown .", "if it contains a single exception that is thrown , otherwise the this cause exception is thrown .", "if it contains a single exception that is cause , otherwise the this multi exception is cause ."]
["writes a object unit to the currently open file , if any .", "writes a compilation object to the currently open file , if any .", "writes a unit to the currently open file , if any .", "writes a compilation unit to the open file , if any .", "writes a compilation unit to the currently open file , if any ."]
["for more information about specifying an audio format , including additional details about some of the formats , see [ specifying an audio format ] ( url ) .", "for more information about specifying an audio format , including sdk details about some of the formats , see [ specifying an audio format ] ( url ) .", "for more information about specifying an audio format , including map details about some of the formats , see [ specifying an audio format ] ( url ) .", "for more information about specifying an audio format of the formats , see [ specifying an ] ( url ) .", "for more information about specifying an audio format , including additional details about some of the formats [ specifying an ] ( url ) ."]
["returns a default application credential for the application .", "returns a application credential for the application .", "returns a application default credential for the application .", "returns a credential for the application .", "returns a default credential for the application ."]
["same as # test module with work queue ( key factory but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue ( key factory ) but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue ( key factory , but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue key factory , but with default task store and key factory .", "same as # test module with work queue factory , optional ) but with default task store and key factory ."]
["generic method for untyped messages .", "generic method .", "generic method for untyped records .", "generic method for untyped remote .", "generic method for remote messages ."]
["returns an immutable set containing ten elements .", "returns an unmodifiable containing ten elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing ten elements .", "returns an set containing ten elements .", "returns a set containing ten elements ."]
["sets the sitename .", "sets the param sitetitle .", "sets the sitename sitename .", "sets the sitetitle .", "sets the sitename sitetitle ."]
["returns value of address cache ttl property .", "returns value of network cache ttl property .", "returns value of network address cache ttl .", "returns value of network address cache ttl property .", "returns value of network ttl cache ttl property ."]
["propagate cdi context stages .", "propagate cdi context .", "propagate cdi context across state stages .", "propagate cdi context across completion state .", "propagate cdi state ."]
["tests the security utils # get group from grpc client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get group from client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get group from grpc client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get group from cgeo client ( ) ( ) method .", "tests the security utils # get group from apache client ( ) ( ) method ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for access and debugging ."]
["are we a file and a process file ?", "are we a file and a process config file ?", "are we a file and a json process ?", "are we a process and a json process ?", "are we a file ?"]
["this first tries to use sun . misc . unsafe to load a class .", "this first tries to use misc . unsafe to load a class .", "this first tries to use class . misc . unsafe to load a class .", "this first tries to use neighbor . misc . unsafe to load a class .", "this first tries to use sun . class . unsafe to load a class ."]
["unsafe version of # data _ l ( clong buffer ) data _ l .", "unsafe version of # data _ l ( buffer ) data _ l .", "unsafe version of # data _ l ( buffer ) data pointer clong l .", "unsafe version of # data _ l ( clong buffer ) data _ l .", "unsafe version of # data _ l ( clong ) data _ l ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate # sync poller", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate # certificate sync poller", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate # certificate sync poller", "snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate # sync"]
["based on vmchk / checkthreads . c r1 . 5", "based on vmchk / checkthreads . r1 5", "based on vmchk checkthreads . r1 . 5", "based on vmchk / checkthreads . %UNK% r1 . 5", "based on vmchk / checkthreads . c r1"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and ."]
["if last - modified and date are defined , freshness lifetime is coefficient ( date - last modified ) , else freshness lifetime is default lifetime", "if last - modified and time are defined , freshness lifetime is coefficient ( time - last modified ) , else freshness lifetime is default lifetime", "if last - modified and date are defined , freshness lifetime is time ( date - last modified ) , else freshness lifetime is default lifetime", "if last - modified and date are defined , freshness lifetime is coefficient ( date - last modified ) , time freshness lifetime is default lifetime", "if last - modified and date are defined , freshness lifetime is coefficient date - last modified ) , is default lifetime"]
["convert an uploaded file to html .", "convert an uploaded to html .", "convert an file to html .", "convert uploaded file to html .", "convert a file to html ."]
["this can be used to change any field , for example to set the year , month of day - of - month .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the temporal , month of day - of - month .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the offset , month of day - of - month .", "this can be used to change any field , for example to set the field , month of day - of - month .", "used to change any field , for example to set the year , month of day - of - month ."]
["put create value of a key", "put create value of key", "put create value of an key", "create value of a key", "put create value of a key ."]
["test email ( ) with parameter list .", "test create ( ) with parameter list .", "test send email ( ) with parameter list .", "test send email with parameter list .", "test test email ( ) with parameter list ."]
["test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a attribute that is not a valid", "test that a jar file with a main", "test that a jar file with a main that is not a valid"]
["if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all the setting settings are fetched in their current state .", "if options is null , then all the configuration configuration settings are fetched in their current state .", "then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state ."]
["this method is always invoked after # dns start ( call , string ) .", "this method is always invoked after # dns start ( call ) .", "this method is always invoked after # dns start ( , string ) .", "this method is always invoked after # dns start ( string ) .", "this method is always invoked after # dns start call , ."]
["if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old one , protected and default ( package ) members will not be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old one , protected and ( package ) members will not be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old one , default ( package ) members will not be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old one , protected ( package ) members will not be accessible .", "if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old , protected and default ( package ) members will not be accessible ."]
["appends the name of the given label to # label buf .", "appends the name of the given label to buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # label label .", "appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .", "appends the name of the given label to # string buf ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from string # string", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy # string # url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url from string"]
["creates a list of arguments to pass to the compiler , including the list of source files to compile .", "creates a list of arguments to pass to the compiler , including the list of source files to compile .", "creates a list of arguments to pass to the compiler , including the list of list files to compile .", "creates a list of list to pass to the compiler , including the list of source files to compile .", "returns a list of arguments to pass to the compiler , including the list of source files to compile ."]
["empty head notes in very short ending measure ( courtesy measure ) if any .", "purge head notes in very short ending ( courtesy ) if any .", "empty notes in very short ending measure ( courtesy measure ) if any .", "head notes in very short ending measure ( courtesy measure ) if any .", "purge head notes in very short ending measure ( courtesy measure ) if any ."]
["runs the initializers defined via @ initializer annotation", "runs the initializers defined via @ initializer annotation .", "runs the initializers defined via", "runs the initializers defined via annotation", "runs the initializers defined via @ annotation . annotation"]
["get movement .", "get lieferdatum .", "get get movement .", "get movement lieferdatum .", "get ."]
["evaluates the filename into a package .", "evaluates the filename ast into a package .", "evaluates the build filename into a package .", "evaluates the file filename into a package .", "evaluates the build filename into a package ."]
["returns the provider - arg constructor .", "returns the provider ' s arg constructor .", "returns the provider arg constructor .", "returns the provider constructor .", "returns the ' s public no - arg constructor ."]
["creates a module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an .", "creates a module reference to a module .", "creates the module reference to an exploded module .", "creates a module reference to an exploded module ."]
["in other words , the returned u graph will not be updated after modifications to graph .", "in other words , the returned graph will not be updated after modifications to graph .", "in other words , the returned v graph will not be updated after modifications to graph .", "in other words , the returned graph graph will not be updated after modifications to graph .", "in other words , the returned graph will not be updated after modifications to graph ."]
["retrieves the conflict status of the current row of this sync resolver , which indicates the operationthe row set object was attempting when the conflict occurred .", "returns the conflict status of the current row of this sync resolver , which indicates the operationthe row set object was attempting when the conflict occurred .", "retrieves the conflict status of the row of this sync resolver , which indicates the operationthe row set object was attempting when the conflict occurred .", "retrieves the conflict status of the current row of this sync resolver , which indicates the operationthe row returns object was attempting when the conflict occurred .", "retrieves the conflict status of the current row of this sync resolver set object was attempting when the conflict occurred ."]
["starts the service if not started already and stops all pause .", "starts the service if not pause already and stops all downloads .", "starts the service if not started already .", "starts the service if not started and stops all downloads .", "starts the pause if not started already and stops all downloads ."]
["fork the routine to a separate jvm process and return the result locally .", "fork the routine to a separate jvm process .", "the routine to a separate jvm process and return the result locally .", "callback the routine to a separate jvm process and return the result locally .", "fork a separate jvm process and return the result locally ."]
["get data import .", "get data import id .", "get data import _ import .", "get data import _ .", "get data import _ data ."]
["creates an instance of row factory using default schema factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using row schema factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using row schema factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using schema factory and generated getter factory .", "creates an instance of row factory using default row schema factory and generated getter factory ."]
["returns the entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key liferay . chat . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the entry with the primary key or throws a chat no such entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement"]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see a list static factory methods for details ."]
["the negative of starts not with is # starting with .", "the negative of starting not with is # starting with .", "the negative of starts not with is # starting with .", "the negative of starts not with is with .", "the negative of starts not with is # starting with ."]
["return the specified key generator to use , if any .", "returns the specified key generator to use , if any .", "return the key generator to use , if any .", "return the specified key generator to returns , if any .", "return the specified key generator to use ."]
["returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null if not using the service account flow .", "returns the oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null if not using the service account flow .", "returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or if not using the service account flow .", "returns the collection - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null if not using the service account flow .", "returns the space - separated scopes to use with the the service account flow or null if not using the service account flow ."]
["sets the placeholder - a textual prompt that is displayed when the field would otherwise be empty , to prompt the user for input .", "sets the input prompt when the field would otherwise be empty , to the user for input .", "- a textual prompt when the field would otherwise be empty , to the user for input .", "- a textual prompt field would otherwise be empty , to prompt the user for input .", "- a textual prompt the field would otherwise be empty , to prompt the user for input ."]
["validates whether int is at least 2048 - bit .", "validates whether modulus is at least 2048 .", "validates whether size is at least 2048 - bit .", "validates whether is at least 2048 - bit .", "validates modulus is at least 2048 - bit ."]
["the encoding format of a single exception with its cause is :", "the encoding format of the single exception with its cause is :", "the encoding format of an single exception with its cause is :", "the encoding format of an exception with its cause is :", "the encoding format of a single exception with the cause is :"]
["returns the id of the request .", "returns the request of the request .", "returns the request id of the request .", "returns the id id of the request .", "returns the request id ."]
["this option won ' t be visible is ` - - entity format message ` has been specified .", "this option ' t be visible is ` - - entity format message ` has been specified .", "this option won ' t be visible is ` - - already format message ` has been specified .", "this option won t be visible is ` - format ` has been specified .", "t be visible is ` - - entity format message ` has been specified ."]
["get values .", "get condition values .", "get array values .", "get object values .", "get values values ."]
["iterating with two progenius for a draw", "iterating with two progenius for an", "iterating with %UNK% progenius for a draw", "iterating with two progenius for an xauth", "iterating with two progenius for a %UNK%"]
["maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark -", "maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark - spark"]
["subclasses might decide approaches to creating .", "subclasses might decide on approaches to creating local temporaries .", "subclasses might decide to creating local .", "returns might decide on different approaches to creating local temporaries .", "new might decide on different approaches to creating local temporaries ."]
["this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the load cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the loader cannot be registered .", "this method logs a warning if the warn cannot be registered ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "in case of read the flux will error .", "in case of failure the cosmos flux will error .", "in case of failure a flux will error .", "of failure the flux will error ."]
["clear the cache .", "clear out the cache .", "returns out the cache .", "cache .", "clear out the class ."]
["convert to web socket ws or scheme uris", "convert to web socket ws uris", "convert to socket ws or scheme uris", "convert to web socket ws", "convert to string socket ws or scheme uris"]
["returns the servlet context to be injected or null .", "returns the servlet context to be injected .", "returns the servlet context to be injected or null .", "returns the servlet context to be injected or null .", "returns the servlet context to be servlet or null ."]
["converts an entity ( pojo ) to a document .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to a document .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to an document .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to a yaml .", "converts an entity ( pojo ) to an document document ."]
["build a map with names and \" path \" field names and adds it to the types field maps map .", "build a map with field names and \" path \" field names and adds it to the types field maps map .", "build a map with field names and path \" field names and adds it to the types field maps map .", "build a map with projection field names and \" path \" field names and adds it to the types field maps map .", "build a map with field names \" path \" field names and adds it to the types field maps map ."]
["the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # until ( temporal , temporal unit ) .", "the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # until ( temporal , temporal unit ) .", "the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # until ( temporal , temporal unit ) .", "the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # until ( temporal , temporal unit ) .", "the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # period until ( temporal , temporal unit ) ."]
["set a style for the html tag .", "adds a style .", "returns a style for the html tag .", "adds the style for the html tag .", "adds a style for the html tag ."]
["returns the data provider to use a different filter type .", "convert the c provider to use a different filter type .", "gets the data provider to use a different filter type .", "with the data provider to use a different filter type .", "c the data provider to use a different filter type ."]
["sets the maximal number of processed results returned by solr indexes .", "sets the maximal number of results returned by solr indexes .", "sets the number of results returned by solr indexes .", "sets the processed number of results returned by solr indexes .", "sets the maximal number of results processed returned by solr indexes ."]
["deletes the students in the course .", "deletes all the students .", "deletes the students cascade in the course .", "deletes students in the course .", "deletes the course cascade in the course ."]
["filter evaluator should return optional # empty ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional # ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return empty # absent ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional # empty ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters", "filter evaluator should return optional ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters"]
["tries to advance the start of the queue by one element and returns the removed element in case of success , null otherwise .", "tries to advance the start of the queue by one element and returns the removed element in case of item , null otherwise .", "tries to advance the start of the item by one element and returns the removed element in case of success , null otherwise .", "item to advance the start of the queue by one element and returns the removed element in case of success , null otherwise .", "tries to advance the start of the queue by one element and returns the item element in case of success , null otherwise ."]
["sets the partition compaction config .", "sets the data compaction config .", "sets the partition data compaction config .", "sets the partition compaction config directory .", "sets the partition compaction compaction ."]
["tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method with a non - empty directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete context ) method with a non - empty directory .", "tests the file system master # context ( alluxio uri , context options ) method with a non - empty directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , method with a non - empty directory .", "tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , context ) method with a non - empty directory ."]
["test to convert between a proto type and a wire type .", "test to proto between a thrift type and a wire type .", "test to convert between a type and a wire type .", "test to convert between proto type and a wire type .", "test to convert between a proto and a wire type ."]
["adapts the arguments according to the properties of the type result .", "adapts the arguments according to the properties of the inference util result .", "adapts the arguments according to the properties of the type inference result .", "adapts the arguments according to the properties of the type . result .", "adapts the arguments according to the properties of the type util . result ."]
["whether to expose and manage the global reactor netty resources from the use http resources holder .", "whether to expose and manage the global reactor http use resources from the http resources holder .", "whether to expose and manage the global reactor netty resources from the resources holder .", "whether to expose and manage the global reactor netty resources from use the http resources holder .", "whether to expose and manage the global reactor netty use resources from the http resources holder ."]
["calculate a ' x ( where x is an in - core vector )", "calculate a ( where x is an in - core vector )", "calculate a ' x ( is an in - core vector )", "calculate a ' x ( where x is an in vector )", "calculate a ' x ( where x is an in )"]
["creates a log writer .", "creates a new writer .", "creates an log writer .", "returns a new log writer .", "creates a new writer writer ."]
["this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for target references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for type target whose sort is # throws throws .", "type references whose sort is # throws throws .", "this method must only be used for the type references whose sort is # throws throws ."]
["this is called at the end of a web request .", "usually this is called at the end of the web request .", "usually this is called at the end of a web context .", "called at the end of a web request .", "at the end of a web request ."]
["conditionally update the # service table ref iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # table ref table iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service table iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service iff it does not exist or is empty .", "conditionally update the # service ref iff it does not exist or is empty ."]
["logs collection , elem and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection , throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .", "logs collection , and throws java . lang . assertion error if not .", "logs collection , t and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not ."]
["sets the create parameter used for creating new pages .", "sets the create parameter for creating new pages .", "sets the additional data used for creating new pages .", "sets the additional create parameter used for creating new pages .", "sets the data used for creating new pages ."]
["founds the contact corresponding this id .", "founds the contact this history id .", "founds the contact corresponding this id id .", "founds the contact corresponding this contact id .", "founds the contact corresponding this"]
["get jdbc driver class name .", "get driver class name .", "get jdbcdriver class name .", "get jdbc driver class jdbcdriver .", "get jdbcdriver name ."]
["the xpath node set is treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .", "xpath nodes , not as a list of .", "xpath nodes , not as a list of"]
["uses tombstones to handle put - remove .", "uses tombstones to handle put reorder .", "uses tombstones to handle put - remove test .", "uses tombstones to test put - remove reorder .", "uses tombstones to %UNK% put - remove reorder ."]
["generates a code sample for using file client # set properties ( long , file http headers , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties ( long , http headers httpheaders , http headers smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties ( long , file http , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for , http headers client # set properties ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties ,", "generates a code sample for using file client # set properties ( long , file , file smb properties ,"]
["returns true if the session is closed within the returns hour of calling this function .", "returns true if the session is closed within the calling this function .", "returns true if the session is closed .", "returns true if the session is closed calling this function .", "returns true if the session is closed within the ."]
["makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given visitor visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module module visit this open declaration .", "makes the given module visitor module this open declaration ."]
["returns the full name of the given table unresolved , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length .", "returns the full name of the given unresolved path , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length .", "returns the full name of the given unresolved , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length .", "returns the full name of the given identifier path , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length .", "returns the full name of the given table identifier , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length ."]
["\" process type \" : \" master _ log \" .", "\" process \" : \" master _ log \" .", "\" process type : \" master _ log \" .", "\" type type \" : \" master _ log \" .", "\" process process \" : \" master _ log \" ."]
["the implementation here sets the header ( if needed and not already set ) , the header and the header .", "the implementation sets the header ( if needed and not already set ) , the header and the header .", "the implementation here sets the header , the header and the header .", "sets the header ( if needed and not already set ) , the header and the header .", "the implementation here sets the header header ( if needed and not already set ) , the header and the header ."]
["the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the user will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the cosmos will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .", "the flux will contain one .", "the flux will contain one of the obtained users ."]
["sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the 18 style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the row style of the individual cells on the left", "sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the left"]
["see also : [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "also : [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "see : [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", ": [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) .", "see [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) ."]
["adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ select _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ select _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ stack _ select _ packages _ property from stack", "adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ packages _ property from stack"]
["if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media item ( ) will return the media item .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media item ( ) will return the media item .", "if it ' s successfully completed , library result # get media item ( ) will return the media item .", "if it ' s successfully completed , result # get media item ( ) will return the media item .", "if it ' s successfully completed , browser library # get media item ( ) will return the media item ."]
["it will replace the previously assigned media control view instance if any .", "it will replace the previously assigned control view instance if any .", "it will replace the previously assigned media control view instance .", "it will replace the previously assigned media control view instance if the .", "it will replace the previously assigned m control view instance if any ."]
["@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) throws http . . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf", "@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) throws . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf", "@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) throws http . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf", "@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) exception http . . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf", "@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) throws http . . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf"]
["the formally correct mechanism of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin connection is to null out the strong reference to it .", "the formally correct mechanism of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin connection is to null out the strong reference to it .", "the formally correct mechanism of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin client is to null out the strong reference to it .", "the formally correct mechanism of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin is to null out the strong reference to it .", "the formally correct connection of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin client is to null out the strong reference to it ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["bind all providers contained in p rovider bag ( classes and instances ) using injection manager .", "bind all providers contained in p rovider bag ( classes and instances ) using instance injection .", "bind all providers contained in p rovider bag ( classes and instances ) using manager .", "bind all providers contained in injection rovider bag ( classes and instances ) using instance manager .", "bind all providers contained in p rovider bag ( classes and instances ) ."]
["creates a new jetty connection factories .", "creates a new jetty factories factory .", "creates a new connection factory .", "creates a new factories connection factory .", "returns a new jetty connection factory ."]
["returns the char set representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class .", "returns the matcher builder representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class .", "returns the builder representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class .", "returns the representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class .", "returns char set representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class ."]
["parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] and alternative numbers [ 123b ] ) .", "parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] ] ) .", "parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] ] .", "parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] and digit numbers [ 123b ] ) .", "parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] numbers ] ) ."]
["this method superposes y onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y .", "this method onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y .", "the method superposes y onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y .", "sanity this method superposes y onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y .", "these superposes y onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y ."]
["get cubemap side .", "get binded side .", "get side side .", "get side .", "returns binded side ."]
["gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist", "gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist .", "gets a map mapping iinventories to the match of items of the type passed in that exist", "gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that match", "gets a map match iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist"]
["see immutable list static factory methods for details .", "see list static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details .", "see immutable list factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable list static factory methods for details ."]
["return a remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a jetty remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote repository . manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface ."]
["returns if the \" is _ message _ history _ enabled \" property is true for the id , otherwise - returns .", "returns if the \" is _ message _ history _ enabled \" property is true for the string , otherwise - returns .", "returns if the \" is _ message _ history _ enabled \" property is true for the , otherwise - returns .", "returns if the \" is _ message _ history _ enabled \" property is true for the contact - returns .", "returns if the \" is _ message # history _ enabled \" property is true for the contact , otherwise - returns ."]
["match statement against pattern for create task", "match statement against pattern for task schedule", "match statement against pattern for create schedule", "match statement against pattern for create", "task statement against pattern for create schedule"]
["prepare params event for execution on agent .", "prepare task event for execution on agent .", "set task event for execution on agent .", "params task event for execution on agent .", "task event for execution on agent ."]
["sets the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter an error in their checkpointing procedure .", "sets the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter an error in their checkpointing .", "sets the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter a in their checkpointing procedure .", "returns the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter an error in their checkpointing procedure .", "sets the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter an error in their checkpointing checkpointing ."]
["returns a converter for the given attribute definition", "returns a converter for the given attribute converter .", "returns a resolving converter for the given attribute definition", "returns a converter for the given attribute definition .", "returns a converter for the given attribute definition"]
["this method will populate oio groups with owner oio node as key and list of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value", "this method will populate oio groups with owner oio node as key of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value", "this method will populate oio groups with owner oio as key and list of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value", "this method will populate oio map with owner oio node as key and list of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value", "this method will populate oio groups node as key and list of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value"]
["n cannot be valid unless its token is in this set .", "n cannot be valid unless token is in this set .", "n cannot be valid its token is in this set .", "n cannot be valid unless its token is in this validate .", "n cannot be valid unless its validate is in this set ."]
["see # with chronology ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .", "see # with chrono ( chronology ) for more details on chronology .", "see # with chrono ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .", "see # ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .", "see # with io ( chronology ) for more details on overriding ."]
["indicate whether this media type includes the given media type .", "indicate whether type includes the given media type .", "whether this media type includes the given media type .", "indicate whether includes the given media type .", "indicate whether the media type includes the given media type ."]
["this stores a complete zone that has been parsed .", "this stores a complete object that has been zone .", "this stores a zone object that has been parsed .", "this stores a complete id that has been parsed .", "this zone a complete object that has been parsed ."]
["group : reset", "group : reset", "reset : reset", "group : %UNK%", ": reset"]
["returns profile and level ( as defined by codec profile level ) corresponding to the given codec description format ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) .", "returns profile and level ( as defined by format profile level ) corresponding to the given format description string ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) .", "returns profile and level ( as defined by codec profile level ) corresponding to the given codec description format ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) .", "returns profile and level ( as defined by codec profile level ) corresponding to the given codec description format . codecs ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) .", "returns profile and level ( as defined by profile level ) corresponding to the given codec description format ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) ."]
["represent a zone with a fake email and defaul ttl of 86400 .", "represent a zone with a fake email ttl of 86400 .", "represent a zone with a fake email .", "represent a zone with a fake email and defaul ttl .", "represent a zone with a fake and defaul ttl of 86400 ."]
["store last collected timestamps .", "store last collected .", "store last and watchlisted timestamps .", "store last timestamps .", "store last store and watchlisted timestamps ."]
["optional . absent .", "optional absent ( )", "optional . absent ( ) .", "optional . map ( ) .", "absent ( ) ."]
["the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs .", "separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .", "the input fields must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line ."]
["checks if the groupby is a supported one , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the various expression it ' s using", "checks if the groupby is a one , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the various expression it ' s using", "checks if the groupby is a supported , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the various expression it ' s using", "checks if the groupby is a supported one , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the expression it ' s using", "checks if the group is a supported one , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the various expression it ' s using"]
["return an empty list for no search result , and return null for the error .", "return an empty library result for no search result , and return null for the error .", "return an empty list for no search result .", "return an empty library for no search result , and return null for the error .", "return a non - library for no search result , and return null for the error ."]
["unsubscribe from all unsubscribe .", "unsubscribe from all subscriptions .", "unsubscribe from all null .", "unsubscribe from all channel .", "unsubscribe from the channel ."]
["sets the specified value to the favor dec speed field .", "sets the specified value to the nfavor dec speed field .", "sets the specified value to the favor dec field .", "sets the specified value to the favor dec speed .", "sets the specified value to the favor field ."]
["the default cran mirror .", "the default cran mirror .", "the of the default cran mirror .", "the name .", "the mirror of the default cran mirror ."]
["expands all child nodes until the specified depth is reached .", "expands all child nodes is reached .", "expands all child nodes .", "expands all child nodes until the specified expand depth is reached .", "expands all child nodes until the specified all depth is reached ."]
["deletes a web service model from storage", "deletes a deployment model from storage", "deletes a web model from storage", "deletes a deployment model from web service", "deletes a deployment model from web"]
["schedules a prepare media item action to be executed .", "prepare a move media item action to be executed .", "schedules a prepare media source action to be executed .", "prepare a move media source action to be executed .", "schedules a prepare media source to be executed ."]
["sort the input data .", "sort the data .", "sort input data .", "executes the input data .", "sort a input data ."]
["returns true if the resource is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the package is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is a package resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is an package resource that can never be encapsulated .", "returns true if the resource is a package name that can never be encapsulated ."]
["returns the property of this resource in a map .", "returns the properties of this resource in a map .", "returns the properties of this property in a map .", "returns the property properties of this resource in a map .", "returns the of this resource in a map ."]
["returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a suitable set for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .", "returns a set content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["setter for # allow only requested header", "setter for # only requested header", "setter for # expose allow requested header", "setter for # allow only allow header", "setter for # allow only header"]
["the structure coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the minimum coverage of the structure sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the minimum structure coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .", "the minimum structure of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together ."]
["add the given method argument resolvers .", "add the handler method argument resolvers .", "the given handler method argument resolvers .", "add the given handler method resolvers .", "add the given handler handler method argument resolvers ."]
["construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the obj struct .", "construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity .", "construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity obj .", "construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct ."]
["the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , read - only or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , create or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , its or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , writable ) #", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , writable )"]
["default implementation of a complete execution of this operation .", "implementation of a complete execution of this operation .", "default implementation of a complete execution of this table .", "default implementation of a complete table of this operation .", "default implementation of an execution of this operation ."]
["tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "and tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request cluster ,", "if you specify both tag keys values in the same request ,"]
["reads from buffer serialized in tbinary protocol", "reads from bytes serialized in tbinary buffer", "reads from bytes serialized in buffer protocol", "reads from bytes serialized in tbinary protocol .", "reads from bytes serialized in tbinary protocol"]
["returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold bits", "returns the number of bits bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the bits of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits", "returns the number of num bit words it would take to hold num bits"]
["if the mapped keys may have duplicates , use # to new ( function , function , binary operator ) instead .", "if the mapped keys may have duplicates , use # to map ( function , function , new operator ) instead .", "if the mapped keys may have duplicates , use # to map ( function , function , binary new ) instead .", "if the mapped keys may have duplicates , use # to collector ( function , function , binary operator ) instead .", "if the new keys may have duplicates , use # to map ( function , function , binary operator ) instead ."]
["returns if the provided value is an \" empty slot \" marker .", "returns if the provided is an \" empty slot \" marker .", "returns if the value is an \" empty slot \" marker .", "returns if the provided key is an \" value slot \" marker .", "returns if the value key is an \" empty slot \" marker ."]
["get all pinot raw table names .", "get all pinot table names .", "get all raw table names .", "get all pinot raw names .", "get all pinot raw table ."]
["save the configuration of this tunnel only", "save the configuration of this tunnel", "save the configuration of the tunnel only", "returns the configuration of this tunnel only", "save a configuration of this tunnel only"]
["set resource of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "set table of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "set resource get of the cosmos db cassandra table .", "set schema of the cosmos db resource table .", "set resource get properties of the cosmos db cassandra table ."]
["the hash code implementation simply returns the unique type name of this resource type .", "the hash code implementation simply returns the unique type id of this resource type .", "the hash code implementation returns the unique type id of this resource type .", "the hash code implementation simply returns the name type id of this resource type .", "the hash code simply returns the unique type id of this resource type ."]
["any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the indexed or grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the grandparent of other", "any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent of other"]
["returns a sslsocket factory based on the configuration in this class .", "returns a sslsocket manager factory based on the configuration in this class .", "returns a manager factory based on the configuration in this class .", "returns a factory based on the configuration in this class .", "returns a management manager factory based on the configuration in this class ."]
["returns a jbiterable that applies function to each element of this iterable and concats the produced iterables in one .", "returns a jbiterable that applies function to each element of this iterable the produced iterables in one .", "returns a jbiterable that applies function to each element of this iterable and concats the iterables in one .", "returns a jbiterable that returns function to each element of this iterable and concats the produced iterables in one .", "returns a jbiterable that applies function to each element of this iterable ."]
["the updated module - info . class will have a concealed packages attribute with the set of module - private / non - exported packages .", "the updated module - info . class will have a concealed packages attribute with the set of module - private / packages .", "the updated module - info . class will have a concealed packages attribute with the set of module - private / packages", "the updated module - info . class will have a concealed packages attribute with the set of module - private / non packages .", "the updated module - info . class will have a packages attribute with the set of module private / non - packages ."]
["a date time accessor represents some form of chrono date and time information .", "a chrono date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date - and time information .", "a date time accessor represents some form of date .", "time accessor represents some form of date and time information ."]
["returns a rule that limits the number of requests for a given period of time by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of requests for a given period of time by request .", "returns limits the number of requests for a given period of time by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of requests for a given host of time by request ' s host domain .", "returns a rule that limits the number of requests for a given limit of time by request ' s host domain ."]
["returns the list of children of this trienode .", "get children of this trienode .", "get the list of children .", "get the children of this trienode .", "get the key of children of this trienode ."]
["queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this contact service for contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this source service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .", "queries this contact service for contacts match a specific query pattern ."]
["if true , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence ,", "if true , applying this lexical relation to this word returns a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence ,", "applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence ,", "to this word creates a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence", "if introduces , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence ,"]
["returns the default section paint .", "returns the section paint .", "returns the default paint .", "returns the short section paint .", "returns the contact section paint ."]
["reverse - transforms using the fecreceiver for the ssrc found in pkts .", "reverse - transforms using the raw for the ssrc found in pkts .", "reverse - transforms for the abstract fecreceiver for the ssrc found in pkts .", "reverse - transforms using the fecreceiver for the ssrc found for the abstract pkts .", "reverse - transforms for the fec fecreceiver for the ssrc found in pkts ."]
["sets the subtitle suffix text , and hides or displays the subtitle suffix depending on whether the text is null or not null .", "sets suffix text , and hides or displays subtitle suffix depending on whether the text is null or not null .", "sets the box suffix text , and hides or displays the box suffix depending on whether the text is null or not null .", "sets the extra info text , and hides or displays the extra info depending on whether the text is null or not null .", "sets the extra subtitle suffix text , and hides or displays the subtitle suffix depending on whether the text is null or not null ."]
["key . create ( url safe string ) is easier to type than new key ( url safe string )", "key . create ( url safe string ) is easier to type than new key ( url safe string )", "key . url ( web safe string ) is easier to type than new key ( web safe string )", "key . create ( url string ) is easier to type than new key ( url string )", "key . create safe string ) is easier to type than new key web safe string )"]
["if the key exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .", "if the key already exists .", "if the key already exists , the value will be merged .", "already exists , the sensitivity .", "key already exists , the ."]
["in case of failure the flux will error .", "case of failure the flux will .", "of failure the flux will error .", "in case of read the flux will error .", "in case of cosmos the flux will error ."]
["test of joint method , of class hmm .", "test of logp method , of class hmm .", "test of joint logp , of class hmm .", "test of joint , of class hmm .", "test of joint logp method , of class hmm ."]
["return the location of the default descriptor", "return the location of the default deployment descriptor", "return the location of the default deployment descriptor .", "return the of the default deployment descriptor", "return the location of the default deployment descriptor"]
["creates a document from this shape", "creates a document document from this shape", "creates an document from this shape", "creates a document this shape", "creates a document shape"]
["removes a global clear .", "removes a clear option .", "clear a global option .", "removes a global object .", "returns a global option ."]
["returns an proxied addresses of a client who initiated a request .", "returns an proxied of a client who initiated a request .", "returns a proxied addresses of a client who initiated a request .", "returns an address of a client who initiated a request .", "returns an proxied address of a client who initiated a request ."]
["return a factory for this kind of label ( i . e . , ) .", "return a factory for this kind of label ( i . e . , ) .", "saves a factory for this kind of label ( i . e . , ) .", "return a factory for this kind of label ( label . e . , ) .", "return a factory for this kind of factory ( i . e . , ) ."]
["rotate this vector the specified axis about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians axis the given rotation axis .", "axis this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this axis the specified radians about the given rotation axis .", "rotate this vector the specified radians about the given axis axis ."]
["if label = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if label filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned .", "abc \" , settings with a label starting with \" abc \" are returned ."]
["returns the system ' s charset .", "returns the system ' s default charset .", "returns the system .", "returns the system default charset .", "returns the system charset ."]
["tests if this char sequence starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string starts with any specified char sequence .", "tests if this char sequence with any specified prefixes .", "tests if this string char sequence with any specified prefixes ."]
["version of # standing tracked device pose .", "version of # standing tracked ntracked pose .", "unsafe version of # standing ntracked pose .", "ntracked version of # standing tracked device pose .", "unsafe version of # standing device pose ."]
["obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance sensitivity currency .", "obtains an volatilities , specifying sensitivity currency .", "obtains an caplet , specifying sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance , specifying sensitivity currency ."]
["gets the value of the ' in memory ' field .", "gets the value of the ' ' field .", "gets the value of the ' memory ' field .", "gets the value of in memory ' field .", "gets the value of the ' in ' field ."]
["group : common", "group : replicas", "group : classifierstring", "group : fixed", "group : %UNK%"]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names .", "obtains an instance .", "obtains an instance from the specified names name .", "obtains an instance from the specified parse ."]
["returns whether the code is a valid / known code or not .", "returns whether the code is a valid / known code .", "returns whether the code is a code / known code or not .", "returns whether the code is a valid known code or .", "returns whether the code is a valid / known code ."]
["safely sets command output # set ( int ) .", "safely sets command output # multi ( set ) .", "safely sets command output # value ( int ) .", "safely sets command output # multi ( value ) .", "safely sets command output # set ( value ) ."]
["writes a compilation object to the disk cache .", "writes a object unit to the disk cache .", "writes a compilation entry to the disk cache .", "writes a compilation cache to the disk cache .", "writes a entry unit to the disk cache ."]
["this compares the value of the identifier only .", "this compares the value of the identifier .", "this returns the value of the identifier only .", "this compares a value of a identifier only .", "the compares the value of the identifier only ."]
["sets the vault vault url url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault vault url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault url endpoint url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault endpoint vault url to send http requests to .", "sets the vault vault url url to send http requests to ."]
["snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . recover deleted certificate with sync poller # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . recover deleted certificate sync poller # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . recover deleted certificate sync # string - context", "snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . recover deleted certificate with response # string - sync poller", "snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . sync poller deleted certificate with response # string - context"]
["or throws a no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such favorite site exception if it could not be found", "or throws a so no such favorite site exception if it could not be found ."]
["defaults to 5000 l .", "defaults to cool l ( 5 seconds ) .", "defaults to 5000 cool ( 5 seconds ) .", "defaults to cool ( 5 seconds ) .", "defaults to time l ( 5 seconds ) ."]
["it also re - queues the key so that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation .", "it re - queues the key so that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation .", "it also re - queues the key that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation .", "also re - queues the key so that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation .", "queues the key so that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation ."]
["gets the value of the specified query .", "gets the value of the specified r .", "gets the query of the specified type .", "gets the value of the specified query id .", "gets the value of the specified ."]
["get a copy from all member entries", "get a copy from all member entries .", "get a copy from the member entries", "get a mbr from all member entries", "get a copy from all mbr entries"]
["returns the estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample skew estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .", "returns the ( sample skew ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset ."]
["raises the event ' s class ' event on the current context .", "raises the event ' s event on the current context .", "raises the event ' s class .", "raises the event ' s class on the current context .", "raises the event ' s class on the current context ."]
["a is built when the jar is created .", "a is built .", "the is built when the jar is created .", "a is built when a jar is created .", "built when the jar is created ."]
["the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each char sequence in the strings .", "the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the char sequence .", "the comparison is based on the char sequence value of each character in the strings .", "unicode value of each character in the strings ."]
["update a pending or active batch - processing request .", "update a pending batch - processing request .", "update a active batch - processing request .", "update active batch - processing request .", "update a pending batch - processing ."]
["checks the dirty status of the ' repr url ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr url priority ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr priority ' field .", "checks the dirty status of the ' repr ' field .", "checks the status of the ' stm repr url ' field ."]
["it ' s configured to be aligned to block , hence , it ' s moved to the right :", "it ' s configured to be aligned to , hence , it ' s moved to the right", "it ' s configured to be aligned to hence , it ' s moved to the right :", "it ' s configured to be aligned to block , it :", "it ' s configured to be aligned to block , it ' s moved to the right :"]
["returns a range of all the push notifications devices where u = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .", "returns a u of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications u where platform = ? .", "returns a range of all the push notifications devices where u ids = ? ."]
["produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed graph with no extras .", "produces a ccprocessed semantic graph .", "starts a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .", "produces an ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras ."]
["assert that all event execution events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions .", "assert that all plain event events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions .", "assert that all execution events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions .", "assert that all plain execution event execution events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions .", "assert that all plain execution execution events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions ."]
["returns the port range that the rest server endpoint should listen on .", "returns the port that the rest server endpoint should listen on .", "returns the range that the rest server endpoint should listen on .", "returns the rest range that the rest server endpoint should listen on .", "returns the port that the port range server endpoint should listen on ."]
["throw a , because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object .", "throw a , because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object .", "throw a because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object .", "throw the , because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object .", "throw an , because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object ."]
["set the drop target ' s text to either \" remove \" or \" cancel \" depending on the item source .", "set the drop target ' s text to either \" remove \" or \" cancel \" depending on the item info .", "set the drop target ' s text to either \" remove \" or \" cancel \" depending on the drag source .", "set the drop target ' s text to either \" remove \" or \" cancel \" depending on the drag item .", "set the item target ' s text to either \" remove \" or \" cancel \" depending on the drag source ."]
["returns an instance dataset id .", "returns an instance dataset .", "returns an instance lineage dataset id .", "returns an instance lineage dataset .", "returns an instance id dataset ."]
["maps all given field values ' classes to a type type using the configured type mapping rules .", "maps all given field values ' classes to a field type using the configured type mapping rules .", "maps all given field values ' classes to type using the configured type mapping rules .", "maps all given field values ' classes to a field type .", "maps all given field values ' classes to a field type rules ."]
["verifies resultset received to contain data classification information as set .", "verifies resultset received to data classification information as set .", "verifies sensitivity received to contain data classification information as set .", "verifies resultset received to contain sensitivity classification information as set .", "verifies info received to contain data classification information as set ."]
["see also : [ synthesizing text to audio ] ( url ) .", "see : [ synthesizing text to audio ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ synthesizing text to audio ] .", "see [ synthesizing text to audio ] ( url ) .", "see also : [ synthesizing text to map ] ( url ) ."]
["getter for # allow only requested header", "getter for # only requested header", "getter for # expose requested header", "getter for # expose only requested", "getter for # expose only requested header"]
["note that both this , and polarity # maintains ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # maintains truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # maintains truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false .", "note that both this , and polarity # maintains entailed ( natural logic relation ) can be false ."]
["removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata entity .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified entity id .", "removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified metadata key ."]
["statement type is hiding in the 0 and 1 bits of the flags .", "statement type is hiding in the 0 bits of the flags .", "type is hiding in the 0 and 1 bits of the flags .", "statement type is hiding in the 0 .", "statement type is hiding 0 and 1 bits of the ."]
["if the cipher is an symmetric cipher service ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :", "if the cipher is an symmetric service cipher ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :", "if the cipher is an symmetric service ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :", "if the cipher is an symmetric cipher ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :", "if the cipher is an symmetric service <INSERT_END> ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :"]
["try to save the form values to the given job .", "try to save the form values to the given bean .", "try to save the form values to the job bean .", "try to save the form values to the given group bean .", "try to save the form values to the given bean bean ."]
["or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such folder exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such folder exception if it could not be found"]
["build node node , parent , next , prev relation", "build node path , node , next , prev relation", "build node path , parent , next , prev relation", "build node path , parent , next , prev relation", "build node parent , next , prev relation"]
["if true , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is negated by the original sentence", "applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is negated by the original sentence", "if true , applying this lexical relation to this word returns a sentence which is negated by the original sentence", ", applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is negated by the original sentence", "if maintains , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is negated by the original sentence"]
["use this call to customize the log - on form .", "use this call to customize the log - on resources .", "use this call to customize the log - on init .", "use this call to customize the log - on auth .", "use this call to customize the log ."]
["services with the specified route .", "decorates services .", "decorates services with a specified route .", "decorates services with the given route .", "decorates services with a route ."]
["or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a contacts no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found", "liferay . contacts . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["routing empty treatment for forwarding block to nop action .", "map empty treatment for routing block to nop action .", "map treatment for forwarding block to nop action .", "map for forwarding block to nop action .", "map empty treatment for forwarding block to routing action ."]
["obtains an instance from the specified name .", "obtains a from the specified unique name .", "obtains an instance from the specified accrual name .", "obtains the specified unique name .", "obtains an instance from the specified names ."]
["sets # createoverview field to true .", "sets # overview field to true .", "sets # options field to true .", "sets # createoverview field .", "sets # field to true ."]
["the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates curve id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates id as the identifier .", "the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using rates <INSERT_END> id as the identifier ."]
["goes through the tree by left - center - right .", "goes through the tree by left - right ( then back to root ) .", "goes through the tree by left - center - right ( back to root ) .", "goes through the tree - right ( then back to root .", "goes through the tree by left - center ( then back to root ) ."]
["suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , ibor swap convention ) .", "suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) ."]
["fetches the current value of the property encryption key .", "fetches the current value of the property key .", "fetches the value of the property encryption key .", "returns the current value of the property encryption key .", "fetches the current value of the property property key ."]
["sets the identifier of the profile .", "sets the identifier of the action profile .", "sets the identifier .", "sets the action profile .", "sets the identifier of the id profile ."]
["test partition awareness sql cache size property .", "test awareness sql cache size property .", "test affinity partition sql cache size property .", "test affinity awareness partition cache size property .", "test affinity awareness sql partition size property ."]
["byte range value in the request does not align with the part size specified in the corresponding initiate request .", "range does not align the byte range value in the request does not align with the part size specified in the corresponding .", "in the request does not align with the part size specified in the corresponding initiate request .", "byte range value in the request does not align with the part size specified in the initiate request .", "range does not align the byte range value in the request does not align with the part size specified in the corresponding request ."]
["exchange adapter .", "exchange adapter on the 2nd cycle .", "exchange adapter on the 2nd .", "exchange adapter on the 2nd test .", "exchange adapter on a 2nd cycle ."]
["you can only call this method if the # get int get xxx method has returned 0 .", "you can only call this method if the # get get xxx method has returned 0 .", "you can only call this method if the # int xxx method has returned 0 .", "you can only call this method if the # get int get method has returned 0 .", "you can only call this method if the # returns int returns xxx method has returned 0 ."]
["enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in document snapshot document snapshots .", "enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in document snapshots", "enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in snapshot document snapshots", "enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in snapshot document snapshots", "enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in snapshot document snapshots"]
["add the parameters for the executable member .", "adds the type parameters for the executable member .", "add the type for the executable member .", "add the type parameters .", "add the param parameters for the executable member ."]
["returns an ssl context factory . server that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used .", "returns an ssl factory . server factory that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used .", "returns an ssl context factory . that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used .", "returns an ssl context factory . server . that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used .", "returns an ssl context context . server that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used ."]
["converts the given item into a long value .", "converts the given value into a long value .", "converts the given item into a value value .", "returns the given item into a long value .", "converts the given item into a long value ."]
["action remove hop exiting this step", "action remove hop exiting this step .", "action remove hop exiting this step name", "action remove hop exiting the step", "action remove hop exiting this name"]
["return that one rdfnode or throw an exception", "return that one rdfnode", "return that one rdfnode or throw exception", "return that one rdfnode or throw a", "return that one rdfnode or throw an exception ."]
["getting information about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer", "information about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer", "for more information , see getting information about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide .", "about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide", "information about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide ."]
["registers a listener to be called when the primitive ' s state changes .", "registers a listener to be called when the primitive ' s primitive changes .", "registers a listener to be called when the primitive ' s primitive state changes .", "registers a state to be called when the primitive ' s status changes .", "registers a primitive to be called when the primitive ' s status changes ."]
["sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the border style of the individual cells on the right", "sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the range style of the individual cells on the right"]
["polling operation to poll on create delete certificate operation status .", "polling operation to poll on gets delete certificate operation status .", "polling operation to poll on create certificate operation status .", "polling operation to poll on create delete certificate operation status .", "polling operation to poll on create create certificate operation status ."]
["default application used for various components .", "application name used for various components .", "name used for various components .", "default name used for application components .", "default name used for various application ."]
["if key filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if key = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if keys = \" abc \" , key filter with a key containing \" abc \" are returned .", "if filter = \" abc \" , settings with a key containing \" abc \" are returned ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details ."]
["gets the path from a full file name , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the path from a full file , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the path from a full file name , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the path from a full name , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator .", "gets the path from a full name name , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator ."]
["sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( y ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( ) ) of the input image .", "sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( of the input image ."]
["get the zoned date that this token expires", "get the date that this token expires", "get the time that this token expires", "get the zoned that this token expires", "get the zoned date time that this token expires"]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["finishes a drag to the given coordinate with no - op afterwards .", "finishes the given coordinate with no - op afterwards .", "finishes drag to the given coordinate with no - op afterwards .", "finishes the drag to the given coordinate with no - op afterwards .", "finishes an to the given coordinate with no - op afterwards ."]
["sets the current data provider for this data communicator .", "sets the current provider source for this data communicator .", "sets the current data provider for this data communicator .", "sets the current provider source for this provider communicator .", "sets the source for this data communicator ."]
["sets the default section paint .", "sets the section paint .", "sets the base default paint .", "sets the default paint .", "default the base section paint ."]
["creates a for - comprehension of 4 iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of option iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of iterables .", "creates a for - comprehension of 4 comprehension option .", "creates a for - comprehension of prefetched iterables ."]
["takes spir - context as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl .", "takes spir - v as a sequence of context - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl .", "takes spir - status as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl .", "takes spir - v as a sequence of initialize - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl .", "takes spir - initialize as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl ."]
["the side input handler factory is required to handle all side inputs contained within the executable process bundle descriptor .", "side input handler factory is required to handle all multimap side inputs contained within executable process bundle descriptor .", "input handler factory is required to handle all multimap side inputs contained within executable process bundle descriptor .", "the input handler factory is required to handle all inputs contained within the executable process bundle descriptor .", "side input handler factory is required to handle all multimap side inputs contained within executable process bundle descriptor ."]
["invoking this method from the transport thread is not a good idea .", "invoking this method from the transport is not a good idea .", "invoking this method from the thread is not a good idea .", "invoking this method from the transport thread is not a good idea .", "is not a good idea ."]
["gets the type for a type name .", "gets the type .", "gets the type id .", "gets the type type name .", "gets the type resource for a type name ."]
["use the given functions to extract the values from the object under test into an list , this new array becoming the object under test .", "use the given functions to extract the values from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .", "use the given functions to extract the values from the object under test into a list , this new array becoming the object under test .", "use the given functions to extract the values from the list under test into an array , this new array becoming the list under test .", "use the given list to extract the values from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test ."]
["diff the watermark based on watermark type", "%UNK% a watermark based on watermark type", "adjust a watermark based on watermark type", "diff an adjust based on watermark type", "diff an based on watermark type"]
["get extra information for a given provider", "get extra information for a given realm", "get extra information for a given provider .", "get extra information for a given provider", "get extra information for a given realm ."]
["sets default lifetime to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible .", "sets lifetime in seconds to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible .", "sets default in seconds to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible .", "sets default lifetime in time to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible .", "sets default time in seconds to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible ."]
["returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts , p2 pk or p2 sh scripts .", "returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts , p2 script or p2 sh scripts .", "returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either return pkh scripts , return pk or return sh scripts .", "returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts , p2 pk sh .", "returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts , p2 pk sh ."]
["this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the depends upon specifier of the property annotation .", "this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the upon specifier of the property annotation .", "this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the upon specifier of the property annotation", "this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the upon specifier of the property annotation .", "this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the upon specifier of the property annotation ."]
["add the given method argument resolvers .", "add the handler method argument resolvers .", "add the given handler argument resolvers .", "the given handler method argument resolvers .", "returns the given handler method argument resolvers ."]
["creates dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new type of labels .", "returns dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new type of labels .", "creates dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new dataset of labels .", "returns a dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new type of labels .", "returns creates dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new type of labels ."]
["the epoch as the number of millseconds since the epoch .", "the epoch millis as the number of millseconds since the epoch .", "the millis as the number of millseconds since the epoch .", "the the number of epoch since the epoch .", "the number of millseconds since the epoch ."]
["sets up the hasend service or the hareceive service as appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order .", "the hareceive service as appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order .", "as appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order .", "appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order .", "hareceive service as appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order ."]
["slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( total slots / slots allocated )", "slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( slots total slots / slots allocated )", "slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( slots / slots allocated )", "slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( slots slots allocated )", "slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( reserved slots recycled / slots allocated )"]
["get content md5 property : sets file ' s md5 hash .", "get the content md5 property : sets the ' s md5 hash .", "get content md5 property : sets ' s md5 hash .", "content md5 property : sets file ' s md5 hash .", "the content md5 property : sets the file ' s md5 hash ."]
["decorates all services .", "decorates services with the specified decorator .", "decorates all http with the specified decorator .", "http all services with the specified decorator .", "decorates the services with the specified decorator ."]
["add an property .", "add a property .", "add an properties .", "add an object .", "add an property ."]
["this option allows to extend configurations in each configuration file based on location .", "this option allows to extend configurations in each configuration file based on configuration .", "the option allows to extend configurations in each configuration file based on location .", "returns configurations in each configuration file based on location .", "creates each configuration file based on location ."]
["parses the response body into a manifest template .", "parses the manifest body into a manifest template .", "parses the byte body into a manifest template .", "returns the response body into a manifest template .", "parses the body into a manifest template ."]
["it will no longer navigation events .", "it will no longer receive events .", "it will no longer current navigation events .", "it will no longer receive current events .", "it will no longer receive navigation events ."]
["returns a new partitioner . on virtual nodes based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual nodes on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual nodes based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . on virtual nodes based on the partition key token .", "returns a new partitioner . virtual nodes based on the partition key token ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be etd type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get type ( ) type must be product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # type ( ) product type must be product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .", "the # get product type ( ) product type must be type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown ."]
["add a child to the existing node", "add a child to the existing node .", "add the existing node", "add a child to the existing child", "add a child to the existing node"]
["returns an local date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns an local time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns a local date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns an local date date time formed from this time and the specified offset .", "returns a local date date time formed from this time and the specified offset ."]
["get local video cursor", "get local duration", "get local cursor duration", "get local video duration", "get local cursor"]
["creates a new internal jetty connection factory .", "creates a new internal jetty connection .", "creates a new connection factory jetty connector .", "creates a new connection jetty connector .", "creates an connection factory internal jetty connector ."]
["returns the module with the primary key or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found .", "returns the module with the primary key or throws a marketplace no such module exception if it could not be found .", "returns the module with the primary key or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found", "returns the module with the primary key or throws marketplace . no such module exception if it could not be found .", "returns the module with the primary key or throws no such module exception if it could not be found ."]
["in that case , since there is no call expression to evaluate , stack trace mechanism cannot record this call .", "in that call , since there is no funcall expression to evaluate , stack trace mechanism cannot record this call .", "in that case , since there is no funcall call to evaluate , stack trace mechanism cannot record this call .", "in that case , since there is no funcall expression to evaluate , stack trace call cannot record this call .", "in that case , since there is no funcall expression to evaluate , stack trace mechanism cannot call this call ."]
["the ec vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec create key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec options vault options vault key create options options vault key get options vault key type ( ) options vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key vault key key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the ec key vault key vault key create options key vault key get key vault key type ( ) key vault key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["the same as # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # index descriptor2 ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # descriptor2 reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as ( descriptor2 reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken .", "the same as # index reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken ."]
["( just an alias / synonym for get jaxb element ( ) )", "( just an alias / synonym for get jaxb element )", "( just an alias / synonym for jaxb element ( ) )", "( just an alias / synonym for get jaxb element", "( just an alias / synonym for"]
["setter for # allowed origins", "setter for # origins", "setter for # allow allowed", "setter for # allow origins", "setter for # allow origins"]
["adds many iterable to this action profile group .", "adds many member to this action profile group .", "adds many iterable instances to this action profile group .", "adds many to this action profile group .", "adds iterable members to this action profile group ."]
["this method performs checks .", "this method performs three checks .", "this method performs crawl checks .", "this method performs should checks .", "this method performs should not checks ."]
["this will scramble the decoded string and eventually result in an authentication assert . failure .", "this will scramble the decoded string and eventually result in a assert . failure .", "this will scramble the decoded string an authentication assert . failure .", "this will scramble the decoded string and eventually result in an authentication assert . test .", "this will scramble the decoded string . failure ."]
["` deprecated ` : maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )", "` maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )", "` ` : maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )", "deprecated maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )", "` : maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )"]
["specifies the text displayed .", "specifies the text displayed by the checkbox .", "specifies the text displayed", "returns the text displayed by the checkbox .", "sets the text displayed by the checkbox ."]
["in a nullable type , get the schema for the non - nullable type .", "in a nullable type , get the types for the non - nullable type .", "in a nullable type , get the union for the non - nullable type .", "in a nullable type , get the schema for the type .", "in a union type , get the schema for the non - nullable type ."]
["gets an abstract representation of the engine ' s file system .", "gets an abstract representation of the engine ' s file .", "gets an abstract representation of the engine ' s system system .", "gets an abstract representation of the file system ' s filesystem .", "gets an abstract representation of the engine ."]
["returns the user icon image with the given identifier .", "returns the user icon image with the given identifier , .", "returns the user icon image with the given identifier , or null if invalid .", "returns the user icon image with the given image , or null if invalid .", "returns the user icon image with the given identifier"]
["for more information about the vault locking ,", "for more information about the vault locking", "for more information about the vault locking process", "for more information about the vault process ,", "for more information about the vault process"]
["sets m badge scale to 1 or 0 , animating if new count is 0 ( the badge is being added or removed ) .", "sets m badge scale to 1 or 0 , animating if old count or new count is 0 ( the badge is being added or removed ) .", "sets m badge scale to 1 or 0 , animating if count new count is 0 ( the badge is being added or removed ) .", "sets m badge scale to 1 0 , if old or new count ( the badge is being added or removed ) .", "sets m badge scale to 1 , animating if old or new count ( the badge is being added or removed ) ."]
["completes the job .", "job .", "the job .", "glacier completes the job .", "completes the job"]
["returns true if the button is active and clickable .", "returns % if the button is active and clickable .", "returns true whether the button is active and clickable .", "returns type if the button is active and clickable .", "returns true if the % is active and clickable ."]
["constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration .", "constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration , frame registry .", "constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration and registry .", "constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration , frame .", "constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration , frame ."]
["check equality between a char sequence and a char [ ] object .", "check equality between a string and a char [ ] object .", "check equality between an char sequence and a char [ ] object .", "check equality between a string object .", "check equality between a sequence sequence and a char [ ] object ."]
["return if this is used in type documentation ( classes or interfaces ) .", "return site if this is used in type documentation ( classes or interfaces ) .", "return true if this is used in type documentation .", "true if this is used in type documentation ( classes or interfaces ) .", "return this is used in type documentation ( classes or interfaces ) ."]
["registers this iq into given manager .", "registers this iq provider into given .", "registers this iq provider into manager .", "registers this iq provider into provider manager .", "registers this iq provider into given"]
["gets the view after adding in the parameters specified .", "named view after adding in the parameters specified .", "gets the view after adding in parameters specified .", "gets the view after adding in the parameters specified .", "view after adding in the parameters specified ."]
["returns a application credential for the application .", "returns a default application credential for the application .", "returns a application default credential for the application .", "returns a default credential for the application .", "returns a default credential for the application ."]
["get invoiced in preiseinheit .", "get invoiced menge in preiseinheit .", "get menge in preiseinheit .", "get in preiseinheit .", "get weight menge in preiseinheit ."]
["returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder = ?", "returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?"]
["chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 10 ]", "chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 4 ]", "chosen bits are [ 8", "chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 0xf ]", "chosen bits are [ 10 , 6 , 7 ]"]
["method was started returns true if this job was started", "method returns true if this job started", "method was started returns true if this job running was started", "method was started returns true if this running was started", "method was started returns running if this job was started"]
["this month - day will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this month - day will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) format method .", "this month - day will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # format ( temporal accessor ) # format method .", "this month - day will be passed to the formatter date time formatter ( temporal accessor ) print method .", "this month - day will be passed to the formatter format time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method ."]
["provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection config corresponding to a given environment .", "provides a list of all connection configs to a given environment ."]
["returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a calendar no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .", "returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a . no such booking exception if it could not be found ."]
["if no sld file", "if no sld file , get an exception", "if no get file , throws an exception", "if no sld file , throws a", "if no sld file , get"]
["the action type .", "the soroush type .", "the action action type .", "the type .", "the endpoint type ."]
["walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 jdk files , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk directory and create a mapping , # jdk stub files , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk files , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a jdk , # jdk11 stub files , from file name to the class contained with in it .", "walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 jdk files , from file name to the class contained with in it ."]
["structural specification .", "specification for more details .", "structural specification for more details .", "structural owlobject for more details .", "structural prefix for more details ."]
["remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change including the entries event source .", "remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change including the event source .", "remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change including the entries source .", "remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change entries the entry event source .", "remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change including the field event source ."]
["validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing injected jdbcresource manager connection factories", "validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing jdbcresource resource manager connection factories", "validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing injected jdbcresource connection factories", "validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing injected resource jdbcresource connection factories", "validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing injected resource connection factories"]
["get client socket for ios .", "get ios socket for connection .", "get client ios for connection .", "returns client socket for connection .", "get client socket for collection ."]
["or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found", "or throws a marketplace no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws no such module exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such module exception if it could not be found"]
["this is primarily intended for cases where the record needs to be re - transmitted with a new sequence number .", "this is intended for cases where the record needs to be re - transmitted with a new sequence number .", "this is primarily intended for cases where the record needs to be re with a new sequence number .", "this is primarily intended for cases where the sequence needs to be re - transmitted with a new sequence number .", "this is sequence intended for cases where the record needs to be re - transmitted with a new sequence number ."]
["create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a statement from my pool .", "create or returns a prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain the prepared statement from my pool .", "create or obtain a p statement from my pool ."]
["delete file system nodes # # # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) .", "nodes # # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) .", "nodes # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) .", "# # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) .", "system nodes # # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) ."]
["casts the date time to the same chronology as this chrono local date .", "casts the date time to the same chronology as this local date .", "casts the time to the same chronology as this chrono local .", "casts the date time to the same chronology as this chrono .", "date the date time to the same chronology as this chrono local date ."]
["returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a microblogs . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a microblogs no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a microblogs . no such entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns a database node representation of the node .", "returns a representation of the node .", "returns a options node representation of the node .", "returns a database node representation of .", "returns a copy node representation of the node ."]
["get cache partition awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache partition awareness group .", "get partition affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .", "get cache affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping ."]
["checks if the specified expression provides an existing perms .", "checks if the specified perms provides an existing permission .", "checks if the specified expression provides an existing permission .", "checks if the specified expression provides an existing list .", "checks if the specified expression provides a permission ."]
["creates a new redis serialization context using a buffer pair # raw ( ) serialization pair .", "creates a new redis serialization buffer using a serialization pair # raw ( ) serialization pair .", "creates a new redis serialization context using a serialization pair # raw ( ) serialization pair .", "creates a new redis serialization context using a serialization buffer # raw ( ) serialization buffer .", "creates a new redis serialization context using pair # raw ( ) serialization pair ."]
["the name of algorithm used to sign edi message .", "the name used to sign edi message .", "algorithm used to sign edi message .", "the algorithm used to sign edi message .", "the name used to sign ."]
["get the all processed certificates until now .", "get the set of all processed certificates until now .", "get the until now .", "get the certificate until now .", "get the set ."]
["get information about a batch - processing request with a specified id .", "get information about a batch - processing request with a specified map .", "get information about a batch - processing request with a specified batch .", "get information about a batch request with a specified id .", "get information about a batch - processing request ."]
["finds all under file system factory from the extensions directory and caches .", "finds all under file system factory from the extensions directory .", "finds all file system factory from .", "finds all file system factory from the extensions directory and caches .", "finds all file system factory from caches ."]
["this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : network . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback", "this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 to point 3 . loopback"]
["the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "measured from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "this is measured from the bottom the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .", "that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level ."]
["creates an exception from an api id and version .", "creates an exception from an api id and api .", "creates an exception from a api id and version .", "creates an exception from an api id and version .", "creates an exception from an api id ."]
["returns completed style id for the child style .", "returns completed style id for the child style .", "returns style style id for the child style .", "returns returns style id for the child style .", "returns completed style id for the child style ."]
["generates an in - memory key for an api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory api for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for a api , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - api key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .", "generates an in - memory key for an resource , used to index the app for later quick retrieval ."]
["execute an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener .", "execute an action type locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener .", "action type an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener .", "execute an type action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener .", "execute an action , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener ."]
["create new core event with org . mule . runtime . api . message . error instance set .", "create new event with org . mule . runtime . api . message . error instance set .", "create new core event with org . core . runtime . api . message . error instance set .", "create new core event with org . mule . core . api . message . error instance set .", "create new core event with core . mule . runtime . api . message . error instance set ."]
["returns a representation of the specified value .", "returns a quoted representation of the specified value .", "returns a byte token representation of the specified value .", "returns a quoted token representation of the specified value .", "returns a quoted token of the specified value ."]
["so , if the given quaterniondc is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given object is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given quaterniondc is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .", "so , if the given quaterniond is the quaterniondc ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given ."]
["the specified uses maps a service type name to the modules using the service type and that may or may not be present the given modules .", "the specified uses maps an service type name to the modules using the service type and that may or may not be present the given modules .", "the specified uses service a service type name to the modules using the service type and that may or may not be present the given modules .", "the specified uses maps a service type name to the modules using the service to service type and that may or may not be present the given modules .", "the specified uses maps a service service type name to the modules using the service type and that may or may not be present the given modules ."]
["` deprecated ` : customer activation code string : valid only for types ` free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty", "` customer activation code string : valid only for types ` free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty", "deprecated customer activation code string : valid only for types ` free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty", "` deprecated ` : activation code string : valid only for types free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty", "` [ ` : customer activation code string : valid only for types ` free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty"]
["process a goog . forward declare ( ) call and record the specified forward declaration .", "declarations a goog . forward declare ( ) call and record the specified forward declaration .", "process a goog . forward declare call and record the specified forward declaration .", "process a goog . forward declare ( ) call .", "process a declarations . forward declare ( ) call and record the specified forward declaration ."]
["returns an intent to start the full editor for the given contact lookup .", "returns an intent to start the full editor for the given contact .", "returns an intent to start the full editor for the given intent .", "returns an intent to start the editor for the given raw contact lookup .", "returns an intent to start the full editor for the given raw contact ."]
["get the grpc data service for the client id", "get grpc the data service for the client id", "get the data service for the grpc client id", "get the data service for the client id", "get the data service for grpc the client id"]
["build a response .", "build a response status .", "build a response and status .", "build a response with message status .", "build a response with status ."]
["returns the text of the specified node .", "returns the contents of the specified text .", "returns the contents of the specified node .", "returns the pre of the specified node .", "returns the contents of the specified pre ."]
["inet address list will be null and ioexception will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup .", "inet address list will be null and ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup .", "inet address list will be null and ioe ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup .", "inet address list will be null and ioexception ioe will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup .", "inet address list will be null will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup ."]
["returns partition cache page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns partition cache sizes page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns partition counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns cache counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .", "returns cache sizes counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes ."]
["after the service is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the instance manager must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the instance locator is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the instance manager locator is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the instance locator is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .", "after the instance manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator ."]
["adds a new tab .", "executes a new tab .", "adds an tab .", "adds a tab .", "adds the new tab ."]
["gets the list of handlers listener delegates .", "gets the list of event handlers delegates .", "gets the list of event listener delegates .", "gets the list of event delegates .", "gets the list of listener delegates ."]
["adds the supplier to the provided map under the provided field name if it ' s should be included .", "adds the number to the provided map under the provided supplier name if it ' s should be included .", "adds the number to the provided map under the provided field supplier if it ' s should be included .", "adds the number to the provided supplier under the provided field name if it ' s should be included .", "adds the number to the provided map under the provided supplier if it ' s should be included ."]
["get variant code from internal link , especially for the zh variants , will get \" wiki \" or \" zh - \"", "get language code from internal variant , especially for the zh variants , will get \" wiki \" or \" zh - \"", "get language variant from internal link , especially for the zh variants , will get \" wiki \" or \" zh - \"", "get uri code from internal link , especially for the zh variants , will get \" wiki \" or \" zh - \"", "get language code from internal uri , especially for the zh variants , will get \" wiki \" or \" zh - \""]
["returns true if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy command thread .", "returns find if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy command thread .", "returns legacy if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy command thread .", "returns true if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy thread thread .", "returns thread if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy command thread ."]
["obtains an instance based on the currency pair , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains a based on the currency pair , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the sensitivity pair , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the sensitivity currency pair , specifying the sensitivity currency .", "obtains an instance based on the given currency pair , specifying the sensitivity currency ."]
["return the sql that led to the problem .", "returns the sql that led to the problem .", "return the sql that led to the problem .", "return a sql that led to a problem .", "return the sql sql that led to the problem ."]
["group : url", "url : producer", "group : decode", "group : producer", "group : headers"]
["weighting is a ratio from 25 to 1 , where 25 disables the feature and 1 forces the same data centre if possible .", "25 is a ratio from 0 to 1 , where 0 disables the feature and 1 forces the same data centre if possible .", "weighting is a ratio from 0 to 1 , where 0 disables the 25 and 1 forces the same data centre if possible .", "weighting is a ratio from 0 to 1 , where 0 disables the feature and 1 forces the same data centre if 25 .", "weighting is a ratio from 0 to 1 , where 0 disables the feature and 1 forces the same data centre if possible ."]
["query query for the given query string .", "returns query for the given query string .", "creates source for the given source string .", "gets query for the given query string .", "get query for the given query string ."]
["get the maximum size of a text message buffer .", "returns the maximum size of a text message buffer .", "get the maximum size of a buffer text message buffer .", "get the maximum buffer size of a text message buffer .", "get the text buffer size of a text message buffer ."]
["sets the value of the description property .", "sets the value of the property .", "sets the value of the description description property .", "sets the value of the descrption description .", "sets the value of the description ."]
["extract the values of given field or property from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test with type .", "extract the values of given field or property from the list ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test with type .", "extract the values of given field or property from the list ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the list under test with type .", "extract the values of given field or property from the abstract ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test with type .", "extract the values of given field or property from the list ' s elements under test into a new list , this new list becoming the list under test with type ."]
["test of contextual method , of class grade .", "test of contextual method , of class grade util .", "test of contextual method , of grade grades .", "test of contextual method , of grade util grades .", "test of contextual method , of class grade util ."]
["locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock pattern .", "locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified pattern mode ."]
["the meta - property for the start year property .", "the meta - property for the start property .", "the meta - property for the year year property .", "the meta - property for the start start property .", "the meta - property for the start year property"]
["the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # at bottom of method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert at bottom of ( string , string ) .", "the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # at method ( string , string ) ."]
["kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use metric stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .", "kafka metrics of sensors which use should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates ."]
["recursively sets the env variable to this pattern and all its children", "recursively sets the env variable to this pattern", "sets the env variable to this pattern and all its children", "recursively sets the env variable to this pattern and all its children .", "recursively sets the env variable to this pattern and the its children"]
["returns the button ' s text ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace .", "returns the % ' s text ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace .", "returns the type ' s text ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace .", "returns the % type ' s text ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace .", "returns the button ' s % ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace ."]
["default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns result # result _ code _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ session _ not _ supported .", "default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ session _ supported ."]
["this caches the original file length , and throws an ioexception if the output file length is different from the current input file length .", "this caches the original length , and throws an ioexception if the output length is different from the current input length .", "this caches the original file length , and throws a if the output file length is different from the current input file length .", "this caches the file length , and throws an ioexception if the output file length is different from the current input file length .", "this caches the original file length if the output file length is different from the current input file length ."]
["this will calculate the number of required connection for routing and request messages .", "this will calculate the number of required connection for set and request messages .", "this will calculate the number of required connection for routing and set messages .", "this will calculate the number of required connection for routing messages .", "this will calculate the number of required connection for routing ."]
["returns the name of the parent skill from the locale file", "returns the name of the parent skill from the locale", "returns the name of the parent skill from the locale plugin", "returns the name of the parent skill from the locale manager", "returns the name of the parent skill from the locale file ."]
["sets the split brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split name for operations .", "sets the name for operations .", "sets the brain brain protection name for operations .", "sets the split brain name for operations ."]
["configure the distribution options .", "configure the distribution options to use .", "configure the distribution options to starts .", "configure the distribution to use .", "configure the distribution options to lists ."]
["returns the ssl sslengine result wrapping the ssl context and engine .", "returns the sslengine result wrapping the ssl context and engine .", "returns the engine manager wrapping the engine context and engine .", "returns the ssl engine wrapping the ssl context and engine .", "returns the engine ."]
["loads a new module from the given resource loader and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the given loader and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the given resource loader , boolean and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the given resource loader , monolithic and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .", "loads a new module from the given resource loader and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for loader or monolithic , depending on parameters ."]
["return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # get async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .", "return the http client used for plain # create async request uri , asynchronous execution .", "return the async client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["this method subscribes the observable emiting view state over time to the passed consumer .", "this method subscribes the observable emiting view state time to .", "this method subscribes the observable emiting view state time to", "this method subscribes the observable emiting view state over time to the passed subscribe .", "this method subscribes the observable emiting state state over time to the passed consumer ."]
["make sure we can successfully create a job event .", "make sure we can successfully create a job started event .", "make sure we can successfully create job started event .", "make sure we can successfully create a job started .", "make sure we can successfully create a started event ."]
["set the values for some properties keys on a collection alias .", "set the values for some metadata keys on a collection properties .", "set the values for some properties on a collection alias .", "set the values for some keys on a collection properties .", "set the properties for some metadata keys on a collection alias ."]
["register a null channel in the given definition registry .", "register a null channel in the given bean definition .", "register a channel in the given bean definition registry .", "register a null channel bean .", "a null channel in the given bean definition registry ."]
["", ":", "or", "from", "."]
["call when data read from net .", "call when data read .", "call when buffer read from net .", "call read from net .", "call when net read from net ."]
["return a handshake message input stream over some bytes at the beginning of the data .", "return a handshake input stream over some bytes at the beginning of the data .", "return a handshake message input over some bytes at the beginning of the data .", "return an handshake message input stream over some bytes at the beginning of the data .", "return handshake message input stream over some bytes at the beginning of the data ."]
["creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the fs master resource containing that master .", "creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master ."]
["gets the specific \" action \" for this activity .", "returns the specific \" action \" for this activity .", "gets the specific \" type \" for this activity .", "gets the specific for this activity .", "gets the for this activity ."]
["the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , however isochrono does .", "the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , however", "the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , however isochrono does .", "the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , however isochrono isochrono does .", "the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , isochrono isochronology does ."]
["creates a single item sketch on the heap given a src .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory src .", "creates a single item sketch on the heap given src a memory .", "creates a item sketch on the heap given a memory ."]
["test blob delete not found .", "test blob delete not found check .", "test existence delete not found .", "test blob delete not found found .", "test blob delete check ."]
["creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "returns a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates a new blob , or updates the content of an existing blob .", "updates the content of an existing block blob .", "creates updates the content of an existing block blob ."]
["the create key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the create vault key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key vault key options # get expires ( ) expires and", "the key create options # get expires ( ) expires and"]
["report the lower bound double", "report the lower bound named", "report the lower bound constant", "report the lower bound", "report the lower double constant"]
["parses and returns a string , delimited by a space .", "parses and returns a string , delimited by a space or semicolon .", "parses and returns a string delimited by a space or .", "parses and string , delimited by a space or semicolon .", "parses and returns a string , delimited by a space ."]
["copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , hll _ 8 .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to lg k , hll _ 8 .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg , hll _ 8 .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k _ 8 .", "copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k ."]
["read data map from input stream .", "read data map from stream .", "read data map .", "read data map from data stream .", "read data map from the input stream ."]
["tests for the base file system # delete ( alluxio uri , delete poptions ) method .", "tests for the base file system # poptions ( alluxio uri , poptions options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # new ( alluxio uri , new options ) method .", "tests for the poptions file system # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method .", "tests for the base file system # delete ( alluxio uri , delete poptions builder ) method ."]
["tells if this parameter declaration is element .", "tells if this element declaration is varargs .", "tells if this parameter element is varargs .", "tells if this parameter declaration is varargs .", "tells if the parameter declaration is varargs ."]
["returns a newly - created decorator that decorates a service with a new cors service based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created decorator that decorates a service with a new service based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created decorator that decorates a service with a new http service based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a - created decorator that decorates a service with a new cors service based on the properties of this builder .", "returns a newly - created decorator that decorates a http with a new cors http based on the properties of this builder ."]
["creates a backup of current database contents to the directory exporter # get backup folder path ( string )", "creates a backup of current database contents to the directory exporter # get backup folder path", "creates a backup of current database contents to the directory exporter # folder path ( string )", "creates a backup of current database contents to the directory exporter # get backup path ( string )", "creates a of current database contents to the directory exporter # get folder path ( string )"]
["the provided stanza error xmpperror .", "the provided stanza error stanza error .", "the provided stanza stanza .", "the provided stanza xmpperror .", "the provided xmpperror xmpperror ."]
["returns the status entry corresponding to the given protocol provider .", "returns the status entry menu corresponding to the given protocol provider .", "returns the selector entry corresponding to the given protocol provider .", "returns the status corresponding to the given protocol provider .", "returns the status entry corresponding to the given protocol provider ."]
["creates a job spec or uri from the avro job spec record .", "creates a job spec or uri from the job spec record .", "creates a job spec or uri from the job job spec record .", "creates a job spec from the avro job spec record .", "creates a job spec or uri from the avro job spec job ."]
["inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph position , column position ) .", "inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph pos , column pos ) .", "inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , position index ) .", "inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , column position ) .", "inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , pos index ) ."]
["gets the appropriate value from the node and sets it on the appropriate field of the pojo .", "gets the appropriate value from the node of the pojo .", "gets the appropriate value from the node appropriate field of the .", "gets the appropriate value from the container and sets it on the appropriate field of the pojo .", "gets the appropriate value appropriate field of the ."]
["gets the max per document .", "gets the max passages document .", "gets the max document .", "gets the passages per document .", "gets the max per document ."]
["obtain the query timeout that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default query timeout seconds that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default timeout seconds timeout that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection .", "obtain the default query timeout that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection .", "obtain the seconds query timeout that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection ."]
["register sludge drop | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "drop | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "sludge drop | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "register sludge drop | nbttag with a stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .", "register sludge drop | nbttag with item stack saved on it , with the weight on the \" value \" attribute , | a valued item with item and value set ."]
["the specified database subnet group must not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified subnet group must not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified database group must not be associated with any db instances .", "the specified database subnet group must not be associated with any instances .", "for more information , see note : the specified database subnet group must not be associated with any db instances ."]
["client .", "stop .", "stop client .", "executes client .", "void client ."]
["first get priority from foot flag encoder # handle priority ( reader way , integer ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags .", "first get priority from foot flag encoder # handle priority ( integer way , int ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags .", "first get priority from foot flag encoder # handle priority ( reader way , int ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags .", "first get priority from foot flag encoder # handle priority ( reader way , ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags .", "first get priority from integer flag encoder # handle priority ( reader way , int ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags ."]
["return the operation names available here .", "return the operation available here .", "return the operation names available here .", "return the names available here .", "return the operation operation available here ."]
["helper method : gets concept value of a payroll", "helper method : gets concept value of a payroll between dates ( old compatibility )", "helper method : gets concept value of a payroll between 2 dates", "helper method : gets concept value of a payroll between 2 dates ( old compatibility )", "helper method : gets concept value of a payroll ( old compatibility"]
["creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory , timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory source timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory positive timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory if possible timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory , map timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["tests that the registration request servlet can process a v2 registration request from a version - beta node .", "tests that the registration request servlet can process a v2 registration request from a version node .", "tests that the registration request servlet can process a request from a version - beta node .", "tests that the registration request servlet can process a v2 registration request from a version .", "tests that the registration request servlet can process a registration request from a version - beta node ."]
["parse a csv into a list of imported spreadsheet objects .", "parse a csv into a list of imported row objects .", "parse a csv into a list of spreadsheet grade objects .", "parse a csv into a list of imported spreadsheet .", "parse a csv into a list of imported imported objects ."]
["if currently visiting a method , get the method ' s method object", "if currently visiting a field , get the method ' s method object", "if currently visiting a method , field the method ' s method object", "if currently visiting a field , get the field ' s field object", "if currently field a method , get the method ' s method object"]
["get the maximum size of a text message ( for streaming writing )", "get the maximum size of a text message buffer ( for streaming writing )", "get the maximum size of a text message buffer", "get the maximum size of a text message", "get the maximum size of a text message buffer )"]
["joins two sets of geometries on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship .", "joins two sets of spatial on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship .", "joins sets of geometries on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship .", "joins two sets of java on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship .", "spatial two sets of geometries on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship ."]
["there could be cases where a field is considered as optional even if it is marked as required in the schema .", "there could be cases where a false is considered as optional even if it is marked as required in the schema .", "there could be cases where a is considered as optional even if it is marked as required in the schema .", "there could be cases where a field is considered as optional if it is marked as required in the schema .", "there could be cases where considered as optional even if it is marked as required in the schema ."]
["integers 0 n", "integers 0 . . .", "integers . . n .", "integers 0 . n .", "integers 0 . . . deque ."]
["applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the temporal passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjust passing this as the argument .", "applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the into passing this as the argument ."]
["all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "all foldable conditions to false should have been removed by the optimizer .", "all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by this .", "the foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer ."]
["this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "that are critical when creating the default database a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .", "when creating the default database a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter ."]
["gets or creates the power target board objective on the main scoreboard .", "gets or creates the power target objective on the main scoreboard .", "gets or creates the target board level objective on the main scoreboard .", "gets or creates the power level objective on the main scoreboard .", "gets or creates the power level objective on the main target board ."]
["this method returns the original edge via its edge key .", "this method returns the original edge via its key .", "this method returns the edge edge via its traversal key .", "this method returns the original edge .", "this method returns the original edge via its edge key ."]
["gets the classpath component containing the given class .", "gets the classpath component .", "gets the class component containing the given class .", "gets the component containing the given class .", "gets the url component containing the given class ."]
["test evict evicted tuples", "test evict tuples", "test evicted evict", "test evict", "test evict evicted tuples"]
["returns true if there are properties in the step config def instance .", "returns true if there are properties in the config def instance .", "returns true if there are properties in the step config step instance .", "returns true if there are properties in the step def instance .", "returns true if there are properties in the step config def instance ."]
["returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where type > ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where time > ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where > ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where ?", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where"]
["adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a", "returns a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .", "adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a message failed exception ."]
["get a reference to the currently executing job , if any .", "get a reference to the job , if any .", "gets a reference to the currently executing job , if any .", "get a job to the currently executing job , if any .", "get the reference to the currently executing job , if any ."]
["returns a new way - point to the track .", "add a new way to the track .", "gets a new way - point to the track .", "add to the track .", "add an way - points to the track ."]
["test of length method , of class exponential .", "test of method , of class exponential .", "test of npara method , of class exponential .", "test of method , length class exponential .", "test length npara method , of class exponential ."]
["the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise , the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise , the segment is only freed eligible for reclamation by the gc .", "otherwise the segment is only freed and eligible for reclamation by the gc .", ", the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc ."]
["( or na n if they ' re all na n . )", "all na n . )", "' re all na n . )", "' re all na )", "' re all na . )"]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for device and debugging ."]
["checks whether two filenames are equal , optionally normalizing and providing control over the case - sensitivity .", "checks whether two file are equal , optionally normalizing and providing control over the case - sensitivity .", "checks whether two filenames are file , optionally normalizing and providing control over the case - sensitivity .", "checks whether file filenames are equal , optionally normalizing and providing control over the case - sensitivity .", "checks whether two filenames are equal , optionally file and providing control over the case - sensitivity ."]
["and parent folder id = ? .", "and repository id = ? .", "and parent id = ? .", "and repository folder id = ? .", "and parent folder = ? ."]
["returns the date when the result was created .", "returns the zoned when the result was created .", "returns the timestamp when the result was created .", "returns the format when the result was created .", "returns the configuration when the result was created ."]
["returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where repository id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where r id = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder = ?", "returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ?"]
["returns the k b article with the primary key or throws a no such article exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b article with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase no such article exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b article with the primary key or throws knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b article with the primary key or throws a knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .", "returns the k b article with the primary key liferay . knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found ."]
["read one constant from the given input , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given input , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given input input , the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given the type depends on a tag byte .", "read one constant from the given file ."]
["cancels all the subscription query registrations which are contained by this subscription query request target .", "cancels all query registrations which are contained by this subscription query request target .", "cancels all the subscription query registrations which are contained by the subscription query request target .", "cancels all query registrations which are contained by subscription query request target .", "cancels all registrations which are contained by this subscription query request target ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["put buffer which is not used any more back to the pool .", "buffer which is not used any more back to the pool .", "buffer buffer which is not used any more back to the pool .", "put buffer which is not used any more back to the pool .", "put buffer any more back to the pool ."]
["if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , a configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .", "if the variable was set , event event will be passed to all registered listeners ."]
["starts with route registration .", "starts with action registration .", "starts with action route .", "route with action registration .", "starts with action ."]
["decorates services .", "decorates under the specified directory .", "services under the specified directory .", "decorates services under the specified .", "decorates services under the specified http ."]
["however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", ", the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with observers the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .", "however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from %UNK% class files left from a previous build of a jar ."]
["returns highest _ precedence .", "returns .", "returns _ precedence .", "returns # highest _ precedence .", "ordered # highest _ precedence ."]
["note - for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept either or name for the username property .", "implementation note - for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept either or name for the username property .", "implementation note - for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept or name for the username property .", "for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept either or name for the username property .", "implementation for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept either or name for the username property ."]
["send request for execution via # sticky io .", "send request for execution via # io .", "send request for execution via # cli io .", "send request for execution via # jdbc io .", "send request for execution via # thread io ."]
["the key create options vault key # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the options vault options vault key create options options vault key get options vault key type ( ) options vault key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key create options options key # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key create options vault # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .", "the key create options options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create ."]
["returns an result builder", "returns healthy result builder", "returns an healthy result builder", "returns result builder", "returns an healthy builder"]
["it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an host is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an string is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without a host is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without a string is valid or not .", "it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without host is valid or not ."]
["lists all dataset instances in a namespace .", "lists all dataset instances .", "lists all dataset instances in the namespace .", "lists dataset instances in a namespace .", "lists all dataset in a namespace ."]
["begin snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , map , access tier , rehydrate priority ,", "url snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , map , access tier , rehydrate priority ,", "code snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , map , begin tier , rehydrate priority ,", "code snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , begin , access tier , rehydrate priority ,", "response snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , map , access tier , rehydrate priority ,"]
["adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified request from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified uninstall from the specified namespace .", "adds a new job job queue to remove the extension from the specified ."]
["adds cluster to this cluster .", "adds clusters to this cluster .", "adds subclusters to this cluster .", "adds subclusters to this cluster .", "adds cluster cluster to this cluster ."]
["test repacking - packing of instances", "test repacking of instances", "test re - packing of instances", "test repacking with same of instances", "test repacking with instances - packing of instances"]
["felix constructor documentation for more information on the framework configuration options .", "constructor documentation for more information on the framework configuration options .", "felix documentation for more information on the framework configuration options .", "documentation for more information on the framework configuration options .", "constructor documentation for more information on the framework configuration ."]
["obtains a failure from a reason , throwable and message .", "obtains a failure from a reason , exception and message .", "obtains a failure from a throwable , exception and message .", "obtains a failure from a reason and message .", "obtains a failure from a reason , failure and message ."]
["use the plain # add pickup ( shipment job , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add pickup ( job shipment , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add pickup ( shipment , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add shipment job ( shipment , time window ) instead .", "use the plain # add pickup , job shipment , time window ) instead ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of the text input ."]
["obtains an instance based on discount factors group .", "obtains an instance based on discount factors and group .", "obtains an instance based on discount factors and repo group .", "obtains an instance based on discount factors and bond group .", "obtains an instance based on discount factors ."]
["returns the ( population ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( biased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a population", "returns the ( std ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset", "returns the ( population std ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset"]
["returns the sub category corresponding to the given label .", "returns sub category corresponding to the given label .", "returns the contact sub category corresponding to the given label .", "returns . sub category corresponding to the given label .", "returns detail . sub category corresponding to given label ."]
["trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "trading strategy .", "%UNK% strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .", "engine strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown ."]
["creates a new item .", "creates a new flexible item .", "creates a new iflexible item .", "returns a new iflexible item .", "creates a new flexible ."]
["returns the type with the primary key or throws a no such type exception if it could not be found .", "returns the type with the primary key or throws a ams no such type exception if it could not be found .", "returns the type with the primary key liferay . ams . no such type exception if it could not be found .", "returns the type with the primary key or throws a ams . no such type exception if it could not be found .", "returns the type with the primary key or throws ams . no such type exception if it could not be found ."]
["called when a track has been selected .", "called when the track has been selected .", "called when an track has been selected .", "called when a library has been selected .", "returns when a track has been selected ."]
["get injection manager .", "get manager .", "get instance manager .", "get information manager .", "get injection injection manager ."]
["is has query assisted column or not .", "has query assisted column or not .", "is has query assisted column .", "is contains assisted column or not .", "has contains assisted column or not ."]
["this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . username", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . due", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . username", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . prj user", "this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . user"]
["loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given class loader .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given class .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration .", "loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given loader ."]
["if main branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the \" largest branch - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if lived branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the \" largest long - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .", "if main branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the \" largest - lived branch \" is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 ."]
["checks if the path is a project .", "checks if the path is a manifest repo .", "checks if the manifest is a project repo .", "checks if the path is a project manifest .", "checks if the path is a file repo ."]
["by zero results in 1 .", "division by zero results in 1 .", "division by results in 1 .", "division results in 1 .", "division by zero results ."]
["returns the test blob entry with the primary key or throws a no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the test blob entry with the primary key liferay . testblob . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the test blob entry with the primary key or throws a testblob . no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the test blob entry with the primary key or throws a testblob no such entry exception if it could not be found .", "returns the test blob entry with the primary key or throws a . no such entry exception if it could not be found ."]
["extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into new a list , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the result of given method list from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the list of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .", "extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new list , this new array becoming the array under test ."]
["set the intents .", "set the set .", "add the intents .", "returns the intents .", "set the ."]
["obtains an instance of chrono local time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of local chrono time from a date - time object .", "obtains an instance of local time from a chrono date - time object .", "obtains an instance of local time from a date - chrono time object .", "obtains an instance of local time from a date object ."]
["returns a access log writer .", "returns an access log writer .", "returns an default access log writer .", "returns an access log writer .", "returns an deprecated access log writer ."]
["helper method to get the number of stores configured with a persistent .", "helper method to get the persistent number of stores configured with a changelog .", "helper method to get a persistent number of stores configured with a changelog .", "helper method to get the number of stores configured with an persistent .", "helper method to get a persistent number of stores configured ."]
["see immutable set static factory methods for details .", "see set static factory methods for details .", "see immutable set factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable set static factory methods for details .", "see unmodifiable static factory methods for details ."]
["- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "- when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .", "( bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected ."]
["this method loads an texture of a specified type from the given input stream .", "this method loads an image of a specified texture from the given input stream .", "this method loads a texture of a specified type from the given input stream .", "this method loads a specified type from the given input stream .", "this method loads a texture texture of a specified type from the given input stream ."]
["returns list of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column .", "returns list obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column .", "returns statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column .", "returns list and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column .", "returns statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns an string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging ."]
["find the application ids from job log by matching \" application _ \" pattern .", "find the application id from ids log by matching \" application _ \" pattern .", "find the application id from job ids by matching \" application _ \" pattern .", "find the ids id from job log by matching \" ids _ \" pattern .", "ids the application id from job log by matching \" application _ \" pattern ."]
["locks a policy for execution .", "locks a policy .", "locks a because for execution .", "locks a policy for because .", "locks a could for execution ."]
["starts new ignite node and submits computation job to it .", "starts new ignite node .", "starts new node and submits computation job to it .", "starts new ignite integer and submits computation job to it .", "starts new ignite restart and submits computation job to it ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["a method signature represents the arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns .", "the arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns .", "method signature represents the arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns .", "arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns .", "represents the arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns ."]
["test of length method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of npara method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of method , of class chi square distribution .", "test length npara method , of class chi square distribution .", "test of method , length class chi square distribution ."]
["returns the button ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) .", "returns the % ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) .", "returns the % type ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) .", "returns the type ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) .", "returns the % type % ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) ."]
["create a cluster selector script unless one exists .", "create a cluster selector script unless selector exists .", "create a cluster selector script unless one selector .", "create a cluster script unless one exists .", "create a cluster selector script ."]
["( try to ) connect this marker with a suitable barline .", "( try to ) connect this marker with a suitable barline staff .", "connect this marker with a suitable barline .", "( try to ) connect this marker with a barline staff barline .", "( try to ) connect this marker with a suitable marker staff ."]
["get tab .", "get quantity .", "get merkmal .", "get ertrag .", "get eingabegruppe ."]
["the timestamp for creation of the dialog node .", "the timestamp creation of .", "creation of the dialog node .", "the timestamp for creation dialog node .", "the timestamp ."]
["generates the name of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given attribute .", "generates the name of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given string .", "canonicalize the name of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given attribute .", "generates the name of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given canonicalize .", "generates the string of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given attribute ."]
["fails silently if no match found .", "fails if no match found .", "fails silently if a match found .", "fails silently if the match found .", "fails delete if no match found ."]
["returns a context that is limited to given tenant , application", "returns a context that is limited to given tenant", "returns a context that is limited to given tenant , application .", "returns the context that is limited to given tenant , application", "returns an context that is limited to given tenant , application"]
["save cluster .", "cluster .", "save .", "save cluster .", "returns cluster ."]
["consume a css element selector ( tag name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with : pseudo selects ) .", "consume a css element selector ( tag name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with selects ) .", "consume a css element selector ( tag name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with selects ) .", "consume a css element selector ( tag name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with ) .", "consume a css element selector ( - - ' name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with : pseudo selects ) ."]
["web uri # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the", "web constants # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the", "web complex # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the", "complex # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the", "web complex obs handler # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the"]
["note that the returned bits must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits sequential must be consumed in order .", "note that the returned bits instance .", "note that the as bits instance must be consumed in order ."]
["query # rx plain ( ) .", "query # _ _ rx plain ( ) .", "query # _ _ internal rx plain ( ) .", "query # internal _ rx plain ( ) .", "query # _ rx plain ( ) ."]
["returns the white class names .", "returns the class names .", "returns the whitelisted white names .", "returns the white white class names .", "returns the whitelisted class names ."]
["no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison , thus this is merely a null - safe case - sensitive equals .", "no processing is performed on the file other than comparison , thus this is merely a null - safe case - sensitive equals .", "no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison , thus this is merely a - safe case - sensitive equals .", "no processing is performed on the filenames other than file , thus this is merely a null - safe case - sensitive equals .", "no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison , thus this is merely a file - safe case - sensitive equals ."]
["sets the router exception associated with this operation .", "sets the exception associated with the router operation .", "sets the exception associated with this operation .", "sets a exception associated with this operation .", "sets the exception associated with the operation ."]
["finds a class or interface given its fully - qualified name .", "finds a class or interface given its name .", "finds a type or interface given its fully - qualified name .", "finds a class or interface given its - qualified name .", "finds the class or interface given its fully - qualified name ."]
["verifies that the user name matches the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the pool if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing .", "verifies that the user matches the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the pool if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing .", "verifies that the username matches the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the user name if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing .", "verifies that the user name the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the pool if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing .", "verifies that the name name matches the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the pool if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing ."]
["if it fails due to another dumb mode having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully .", "mode having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully .", "to another dumb mode having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully .", "having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully .", "dumb mode having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully ."]
["set the output dir running option of the command .", "set the output running option of the command .", "set the force running output dir of the command .", "set the force output dir option of the command .", "set the running output dir of the command ."]
["convert to object types .", "convert to object types text is .", "convert to strings types , returning null if text is null .", "convert to object types , returning text is null .", "convert to empty types , returning null if text is null ."]
["execute a request handler .", "execute a request handler for the given exception .", "execute request handler for the given exception .", "returns a request handler for the given exception .", "a request handler for the given exception ."]
["in quiet dependents , only the errors ( dependants plugins ) are printed .", "in quiet mode , only the errors ( dependants plugins ) are printed .", "in quiet mode , only the errors ( dependants dependents ) are printed .", "in dependents mode , only the errors ( dependants plugins ) are printed .", "in quiet mode , only the errors ( dependents plugins ) are printed ."]
["returns all the completers .", "returns an unmodifiable completer of all the completers .", "returns an completer of all the completers .", "returns a completer of all the completers .", "returns an all the completers ."]
["add a classpath entry .", "add a entry element .", "add a classpath element .", "add a classpath loader .", "add an entry element ."]
["create tokenizers .", "default tokenizers .", "create whitespace tokenizers .", "create default tokenizers .", "returns default tokenizers ."]
["this method will be marked private until a cross - platform working solution can be provided .", "this method will be reserved private until a cross - platform working solution can be provided .", "this method will be marked private until a cross - reserved working solution can be provided .", "this method will be marked private until a reserved - platform working solution can be provided .", "this method will be marked private until a cross - platform working reserved can be provided ."]
["provider whether the given request match the realm for which this handler is responsible", "check whether the given request match the provider for which this handler is responsible", "check whether the given request provider the realm for which this handler is responsible", "check whether the given request match the realm for which this handler is responsible", "check whether the given request match the realm for which this handler is provider"]
["uppercases the lower character .", "uppercases the first lower .", "lower the first character .", "uppercases the first character .", "uppercases the character ."]
["optimization does not apply :", "optimization does not apply to :", "optimization does apply to pattern :", "optimization does not apply to 1 :", "invisible does not apply to pattern :"]
["the of all leaf nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to right order of the leaves .", "the of all leaf nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to order of the leaves .", "the of all list nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to right order of the leaves .", "the of all yield nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to right order of the leaves .", "the of the leaf nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to right order of the leaves ."]
["returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with torrent name and all extras '", "returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with torrent name and extras '", "returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with torrent name and extras '", "returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with torrent name", "returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with all extras '"]
["the node flavor requested , or empty if no particular flavor is specified .", "the requested , or empty if no particular flavor is specified .", "the node flavor requested .", "the current node flavor requested , or empty if no particular flavor is specified .", "the node or requested , or empty if no particular flavor is specified ."]
["builds a safe decorated service by wrapping the local decorator with http handling decorators .", "builds a safe decorated http by wrapping the local decorator with exception handling decorators .", "builds a safe decorated service by wrapping the http decorator with exception handling decorators .", "builds a http decorated service by wrapping the local decorator with exception handling decorators .", "builds a safe decorated service by wrapping the local decorator with exception handling http ."]
["tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same ,", "and tag values in the same request ,", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request", "if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request , amazon ec2"]
["gets the value of the ' row key ' field .", "gets the value of the ' key ' field .", "gets the value of the ' row ' field .", "gets the value of the ' row key .", "gets the value of the ' row key ' ."]
["get the bibtex field field used to extension to this file type .", "get the bibtex field used to extension to this file type .", "get the field field name used to extension to this file type .", "get the field field used to extension to this file type .", "get the bibtex field field used to extension to this file type ."]
["lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the dir listing and be able to open it with open input .", "lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the file listing and be able to open it with open input .", "lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the try listing and be able to open it with open input .", "lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the created listing and be able to open it with open input .", "lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the list listing and be able to open it with open input ."]
["getter for # allow headers", "getter for # headers", "getter for # expose headers", "getter for expose headers", "getter for # allow allow headers"]
["control using aws identity access management ( iam ) .", "aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .", "access management ( iam ) .", "identity and access management ( iam ) ."]
["the returned controller will instantiate new processing component instances for each processing request and will not perform any caching of the processing results .", "the returned controller will instantiate new processing component instances for each processing request .", "the returned controller will instantiate processing component instances for each processing request and will not perform any caching of the processing results .", "the returned controller will instantiate new processing component instances for each processing request of the processing results .", "the returned controller will instantiate new processing component instances for each processing request results ."]
["transform to a surface config object with camera id , image format and size info", "config to a surface configuration object with camera id , image format and size info", "transform to a surface object with camera id , image format and size info", "transform to a surface config object with camera id , image format and size info", "transform to a surface config with camera id , image format and size info"]
["gets the value of the hash value property .", "gets the value of the algorithm hash value property .", "gets the value of the value value property .", "gets the value of the byte value property .", "gets the value of the hash property ."]
["set a timeout for curator zookeeper client # close ( ) .", "set default timeout for curator zookeeper client # close ( ) .", "set a default timeout for zookeeper client # close ( ) .", "set an default timeout for curator zookeeper client # close ( ) .", "a default timeout for curator zookeeper client # close ( ) ."]
["not explicitly configured with an annotation , this value will be used .", "this value will be used .", "with an annotation , this value will be used .", ", this value will be used .", "annotation , this value will be used ."]
["it may return null if the security is not supported by code generator nor scanner .", "it may return null if the security is not supported nor scanner .", "it may return null if the security is not supported by qr generator nor scanner .", "it may return null if the security is not supported by qr code generator nor scanner .", "it may return null if the security is not supported scanner ."]
["index the lucene index searcher for this index .", "closes the searcher index searcher for this index .", "closes the given index searcher for this index .", "closes the searcher for this index .", "closes the index searcher for this index ."]
["returns the compaction config .", "returns the data compaction config .", "returns the partition compaction config .", "returns the partition compaction config .", "returns the data compaction config ."]
["verify that duplicate exported requires are detected .", "verify that requires exported packages are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported 53 are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported requires transitive static are detected .", "verify that duplicate exported requires transitive are detected ."]
["return a name / value string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a name / value string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a name / value string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a value string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0", "return a name / value string suitable for sending in a \" cookie \" header as defined in rfc 2109 for compatibility with cookie version 0"]
["returns whether the code is a valid / known code or not .", "returns whether the code is a valid / known code .", "returns whether the code is a code / known code or not .", "returns whether the code is a valid known code or .", "returns whether the code is a valid / known code ."]
["wait for this task to meet the number of commits as defined by commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to long the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined commits .", "wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits defined by ."]
["the timestamp for the update to the entity value .", "the timestamp for the last update to the entity value .", "the timestamp last update to the entity value .", "the last update to the entity value .", "the timestamp ."]
["this is the class name without the package prefix by default .", "this is the class name without the service prefix by default .", "this is the type name without the package prefix by default .", "this is the class name without the type prefix by default .", "this is the service name without the package prefix by default ."]
["elements of a block must at least extend node .", "elements of a block must at least extend node and implement .", "elements of a block must at least extend node and implement element .", "elements of a block must at least extend node and implement node .", "elements of a block must at least extend node and implement"]
["the option is a type .", "the option is a : .", "the is a : type .", "option is a : type .", "the option is a ."]
["shuts down the managed channel for given managed .", "shuts down the managed channel .", "shuts down the managed for given key .", "shuts down the managed managed for given key .", "shuts down the managed channel for given key ."]
["ioe will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call .", "ioexception will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call .", "ioe ioe will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call .", "will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call .", "throwable will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call ."]
["returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where modified time id = ? .", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where modified time , id = ? .", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where modified time r id = ? .", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where m time id = ? .", "returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where repository time id = ? ."]
["parses the resolve in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve wsdl data in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the resolve wsdl in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .", "parses the wsdl file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not ."]
["return true if the given cms tree item .", "return true if the given cms tree item or its child is selected .", "return true if the given cms tree child or its children is selected .", "return true if the given cms child item or its children is selected .", "return true if the given child tree item or its children is selected ."]
["adds a config file to the set of \" active \" config files listed in the metadata", "adds file to the set of \" active \" config files listed in the metadata", "adds a file to the set of \" active \" files listed in the metadata", "adds a file file to the set of \" active \" config files listed in the metadata", "adds the config file to the set of \" active \" config files listed in the metadata"]
["returns if the given type has type itokenizer # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has itokenizer # tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has type tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has type tf _ separator _ document set .", "returns if the given type has type # tf _ separator _ document set ."]
["get radius configuration # # # functional description : retrieve radius configuration .", "returns radius configuration # # # functional description : retrieve radius configuration .", "get radius configuration # # # functional description : returns radius configuration .", "return radius configuration # # # functional description : retrieve radius configuration .", "configuration # # # functional description : retrieve radius configuration ."]
["h2 o frame is the \" backing \" data structure behind checkpointed drm .", "h2 o frame is the \" backing \" data structure behind drm .", "h2 frame is the \" backing \" data structure behind checkpointed drm .", "o frame is the \" backing \" data structure behind checkpointed drm .", "h2 o frame is the \" backing \" data structure checkpointed drm ."]
["parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment and build open operation .", "parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment .", "parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment and build swagger operation .", "parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment and build open api operation .", "parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment and open swagger operation ."]
["the rsa key options is required .", "the rsa key create options is required .", "the create rsa key options is required .", "the key rsa key options is required .", "the rsa key options options is required ."]
["construct a cxx link rule that builds a native group linkable from top - level input objects and a dependency tree of native linkable dependencies .", "construct a cxx link rule that builds a native linkable from top - level input objects and a dependency tree of native linkable dependencies .", "construct a cxx link rule that builds linkable from top - level input objects and dependency tree of native linkable dependencies .", "construct a cxx link rule that builds builds a native group from top - level input objects and a dependency tree of native linkable dependencies .", "construct a cxx link rule that builds a cxx native linkable from top - level input objects and a dependency tree of native linkable dependencies ."]
["transaction service , targeted sweep follower ) method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run .", "targeted sweep follower ) method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run .", "executor service , targeted sweep follower ) method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run .", "method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run .", "metrics service , targeted sweep follower ) method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run ."]
["return a remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a jetty remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote repository impl manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote repository for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .", "return a remote repository . manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface ."]
["note that the saved system properties do not include the ones set by sun . misc . version . init ( ) .", "note that the saved system properties do not include the ones set by misc . version . init ( ) .", "the saved system properties do not include the ones set by sun . misc . version . init ( ) .", "note that the saved system properties do not include the ones set by version . init ( ) .", "note that the saved system properties do not include the ones set by sun . misc . version . ( )"]
["transform a nullable value into an maybe with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable value into a maybe with 0 or 1 element .", "transform a nullable value into an maybe with maybe or 1 element .", "transform a nullable value into an maybe with 0 or maybe element .", "transform a nullable value into an maybe with 0 or 1 element ."]
["gets the iterable of deleted secret deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the iterable stream of deleted secret deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the elements of deleted secret deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the deleted secret deleted secrets on this page .", "gets the stream of deleted secret deleted secrets on this page ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for client and debugging ."]
["retrieves the pid stored in the command session or passed as an argument .", "retrieves the pid stored in the session or passed as an argument .", "retrieves the pid stored in the command line or passed as an argument .", "retrieves the pid stored in the line session or passed as an argument .", "retrieves the pid stored in the command session or passed as an line ."]
["perform the tests of this quick start using the security thread local api to set the desired principal .", "perform the tests of this quick start using the security context association api to set the desired principal .", "perform the tests of this quick start using the security thread association api to set the desired principal .", "perform the tests of this quick start using the security thread local to set the desired principal .", "perform the tests of this quick start using the security thread api to set the desired principal ."]
["fetches the leader index metadata cluster and history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster .", "fetches the leader index metadata cluster state and history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster .", "fetches the leader index cluster and history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster .", "fetches the leader index metadata and cluster state history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster .", "fetches the leader index metadata and cluster history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster ."]
["returns the default impl provider .", "returns the default selector provider .", "returns the default provider .", "returns the impl selector provider .", "returns the default selector provider ."]
["this factory creates a date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates local a zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a local zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a zoned date time from a local date - time and time - zone .", "this factory creates a time from a date - time and time - zone ."]
["saves locale to http session .", "saves to http session .", "saves locale to http .", "saves locale .", "saves locale session ."]
["returns an unmodifiable containing zero elements .", "returns an immutable set containing zero elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing zero elements .", "returns a set containing zero elements .", "returns an unmodifiable set containing zero elements ."]
["the timestamp for creation of the entity value .", "the timestamp creation of .", "creation of the entity value .", "the timestamp for creation entity value .", "the timestamp ."]
["set eingabegruppe .", "set eingabegruppe entry .", "set tab .", "set ertrag .", "set data ."]
["looks up from injector .", "looks up from translation injector .", "looks up from services .", "up from services injector .", "looks up from translation ."]
["returns the consistency level .", "returns the consistency .", "returns the consistency consistency .", "returns the level level .", "returns the consistency level consistency ."]
["test of length method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .", "test of method , length class geometric distribution .", "test length npara method , of class geometric distribution ."]
["clears global cache for the specified icon source .", "clears global cache for the specified icon .", "clears global cache for the specified icon data .", "clears global cache for the specified icon source .", "clears global cache for the specified icon data ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set http headers # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . http headers httpheaders # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set http # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . http httpheaders # blob http headers", "snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set http headers # blob http headers"]
["transform the results into a linked hash map with files .", "transform the results into a linked hash map with abstract files .", "transform the results into a hash map with abstract files .", "transform the results into a linked map with abstract files .", "transform the results into a linked hash map ."]
["sets the consolescript .", "sets the consolescript consolescript .", "sets the consolescript script .", "sets consolescript .", "sets the script ."]
["compares the specified item .", "compares the specified qnm .", "compares the specified value .", "compares the executes item .", "compares this item ."]
["validate the input , in this case asserting that the backoff strict factor is positive ( > = 0 ) .", "validate the input , in this case asserting that the at least 1 factor is positive ( > = 0 ) .", "validate the input , in this case asserting that the at factor is positive ( > = 0 ) .", "validate the input , in this case asserting that the factor is positive ( > = 0 ) .", "validate the input , in this case asserting that the at least factor is positive ( > = 0 ) ."]
["default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "default value is integer . max _ value that it ' s non - ordered .", "integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .", "default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s ."]
["configures ssl or tls of the default template with an auto - generated self - signed certificate .", "configures ssl or tls of the default host with an auto - generated self - signed certificate .", "configures ssl or tls of the virtual template with an auto - generated self - signed certificate .", "configures ssl or tls of the default virtual host with an auto - generated self - signed certificate .", "configures ssl or tls of the default template with an auto - generated self - signed certificate ."]
["set the message converter to use .", "set the record message converter to use .", "set the message converter to use .", "set the message converter to use .", "set the record message converter to use ."]
["returns true if field start time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field start is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field exec start is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise", "returns true if field starttime time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise"]
["computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .", "computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the height image ."]
["returns all users , or users from a specified database .", "returns , or users from a specified database .", "returns all users .", "returns all users , or users from a specified user .", "returns all users from a specified database ."]
["if it runs out of a transaction , after the execution you will still be out of tx .", "of a transaction , after the execution you will still be out of tx .", "after the execution you will still be out of tx .", "if it runs out of a transaction , after the execution you will still be out of function .", "if it runs out of a function , after the execution you will still be out of tx ."]
["resolve default reference for a given reference type .", "resolve default entity for a given reference type .", "resolve default name for a given reference type .", "resolve default name for a given reference reference .", "resolve default for a given reference type ."]
["subscribe to future updates and be notified of any existing ssrc associations .", "endpoint to future updates and be notified of any existing ssrc associations .", "subscribe to future updates .", "subscribe to future updates and be notified of any existing ssrc endpoint .", "future updates and be notified of any existing ssrc associations ."]
["returns the current navigation uri .", "returns the navigation uri .", "returns the current uri .", "returns the current navigation uri .", "returns a current navigation uri ."]
["the candidate collection can be used for speculation , although at present it would break local _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering", "the candidate collection can be used for speculation , although at present it would break _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering", "the candidate collection can be used for speculation , although at read it would break local _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering", "the candidate read can be used for speculation , although at present it would break local _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering", "the read collection can be used for speculation , although at present it would break local _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering"]
["this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "trust : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance .", "note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this trust"]
["set up both primary toolbar for navigation and search , and secondary toolbar for toolbar switch .", "set toolbar both primary toolbar for navigation and search , and secondary toolbar for master switch .", "set up both primary toolbar for navigation and search , and secondary toolbar for master toolbar .", "set up both primary toolbar for toolbar and search , and secondary toolbar for master switch .", "set up both toolbar toolbar for navigation and search , and secondary toolbar for master switch ."]
["returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .", "returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied executor , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function ."]
["returns the xadvance of the space character .", "returns the space character .", "returns the xadvance character .", "returns the xadvance the space character .", "returns the space xadvance ."]
["returns the specified codepoints .", "returns the specified as value .", "returns the specified codepoints as value .", "returns the specified returns as value .", "returns this codepoints as value ."]
["adds member to this action profile group .", "adds one member instance to this action profile group .", "adds one to this action profile group .", "adds default member to this action profile group .", "adds one default to this action profile group ."]
["set the exclude filter file", "set the exclude baseline file", "set the baseline filter file", "set the exclude file", "set the filter file"]
["if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get configuration etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current configuration setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified ( configuration the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .", "if configuration setting # get etag ( configuration ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches ."]
["this is why there is not a set method for the content elts property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the block content elts property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the level content property .", "this is why there is not a set method for the level content property ."]
["casts the date time to @ chrono offset date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to chrono date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to @ offset date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to chrono vm date time with the same chronology .", "casts the date time to date chrono offset date time with the same chronology ."]
["main method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "main method to invoke this demo about how to extract _ phrases of a text input .", "invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .", "_ method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input ."]
["return the availability load for the host .", "return the normalized load for the availability .", "returns the normalized load for the host .", "return the availability .", "return the normalized availability for the host ."]
["returns the thread context .", "returns the thread factory .", "returns the thread context factory .", "returns the thread factory factory .", "returns the primitive management service ."]
["counts entries in the queue with the specified status for each specified project uuid .", "counts entries in the queue with the specified project for each specified component uuid .", "counts entries in the queue with the specified status for each specified component uuid main .", "counts entries in the queue with the specified status for each specified component main uuid .", "counts entries in the queue with the specified uuid main for each specified component uuid ."]
["returns an array containing all of the instructions in this list .", "returns an array containing all of the current in this list .", "returns an array containing all of the instructions in this current .", "returns an array containing all of the insn in this list .", "returns a containing all of the instructions in this list ."]
["simply create some instance of buf byte buffer and try to get declared constructor .", "simply create some instance of ctor byte buffer and try to get declared constructor .", "simply create some instance of direct byte buffer and try to get declared ctor .", "simply create some instance of direct byte buffer and try to get declared buf .", "simply create some instance of byte buffer and try to get declared constructor ."]
["return the deprecated partitions for this endpoint .", "set the topic partitions for this endpoint .", "return the topic partitions for this endpoint .", "return the partitions for this endpoint .", "return the topic for this endpoint ."]
["the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the supplier class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the target class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the msg class is gc ' ed / unloaded .", "the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the target is gc ' ed / unloaded ."]
["currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta item .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data .", "currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed item data2 ."]
["get order by .", "get order .", "gets order by .", "get a order by .", "get the order by ."]
["gets the chemical oxidizer recipe for the item input in the parameters .", "gets the chemical oxidizer recipe for the item stack input in the parameters .", "gets the chemical oxidizer recipe for the item item input in the parameters .", "returns the chemical oxidizer recipe for the item stack input in the parameters .", "gets the chemical oxidizer recipe for the gas stack input in the parameters ."]
["synchronously send a request and obtain the response .", "send a request obtain the response .", "synchronously send a request .", "send a request and obtain the response .", "http send a request and obtain the response ."]
["standard getter for the leftward type string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the leftward string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the type label string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the leftward type string for this relationship type", "standard getter for the leftward type string for this relationship type ."]
["register a descriptor .", "register a descriptor by name .", "register an descriptor by name .", "register the descriptor by name .", "register a descriptor by descriptor ."]
["match closeness is calculated as the total number of matched source to destination tokens / the total number of source and destination tokens .", "closeness is calculated as the total number of matched source to destination tokens / the total number of source and destination tokens .", "match closeness is calculated as the total number of matched source to tokens / the total number of source and tokens .", "match closeness is calculated as the total number of matched to destination tokens / the total number of and destination tokens .", "match closeness is calculated as the total number of matched source to destination tokens or the total number of source and destination tokens ."]
["create an instance of jaxbelement", "create a of jaxbelement", "gets an instance of jaxbelement", "returns an instance of jaxbelement", "create of jaxbelement"]
["the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , read - only or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , create or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , its or writable ) .", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , writable ) #", "the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , writable )"]
["return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific key / value pairs .", "return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific / / value pairs .", "return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific key pairs .", "return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific / value pairs .", "return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific / parse / value pairs ."]
["used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . cache ) .", "typically used for fire at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .", "typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , fire cache ) ."]
["update the start and end points of the line .", "update the start points of the line .", "update the and end points of the line .", "update the start .", "update the update and end points of the line ."]
["open a new file for data matching a schema .", "open a new file matching a schema .", "open an file for data matching a schema .", "open a new file .", "open an new file for data matching an schema ."]
["creates new expression that returns the minute portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates aggregation expression that returns the minute portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the minute portion of a date - as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the date - portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .", "creates new aggregation expression that returns the minute portion of a factory - as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) ."]
["returns the rfs name", "returns the rfs name .", "returns the rfs name the default file name .", "returns the name plus the default file name .", "returns the default file name ."]
["returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for and debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for debugging .", "returns a string representation of this object ; useful for string and debugging ."]
["get drucktext .", "get account sign .", "get belegstatus .", "get alter .", "get zusammenfassung ."]
["complexity : 6 trigonometric functions .", "complexity : 6 ) trigonometric functions .", "complexity : 6 emulated ) trigonometric functions .", "6 ( 2 of which emulated ) trigonometric functions .", "complexity 6 ( of which emulated ) trigonometric functions ."]
["sets the value of the target property .", "sets the value of the target .", "sets the value of the string property .", "sets the value of the browser property .", "sets the value of the property ."]
["this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open a new session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open the new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before", "this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before impl", "this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before the"]
["sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the 18 style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the region style of the individual cells on the top", "sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the individual cells on the"]
["is the counter active for usage ?", "is the active valid for usage ?", "is the counter active for usage ?", "is the counter for usage ?", "is the counter valid ?"]
["or throws a calendar no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .", "or throws a . no such calendar exception if it could not be found ."]
["returns the defined response token .", "returns the defined response token .", "returns the defined response token .", "returns the defined token .", "returns the defined response string ."]
["returns a sampler , given a probability expressed as a percentage .", "returns a sampler , given a expressed as a percentage .", "returns a sampler , given a probability expressed as a percentage .", "returns a sampler , given a probability as a percentage .", "returns a sampler , given an probability expressed as a percentage ."]
["verify that a named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that an subquery exists for each include .", "verify that the named subquery exists for each include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for the include .", "verify that a named subquery exists for an include ."]
["a new event context is used instead of the existing instance referenced by the existing core event .", "a new event context is used instead of the core instance referenced by the core base event .", "a new event context is used instead of the existing instance referenced by the existing base core .", "a new event context is used instead of the existing instance referenced by the existing event .", "a new event context is used instead of the existing instance referenced by the existing core ."]
["checks and adjusts the market data names .", "checks the market data names .", "checks and adjusts the data names .", "checks and adjusts the parameter data names .", "checks and returns the market data names ."]
