save basic clusters .
configure a ssl config for the server using the legacy configuration
if the wrapping fails , then null is returned .
test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .
bui ( 2015 ) " cachediff : fast random sampling " url
if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media items ( ) will return the search result .
sets the options .
convenience method to get custom install file
sets the confidence .
request an update of the current cluster metadata info , return the current version before the update
gets the full path from a full filename , which is the prefix + path .
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail .
create a new client with the given connection string .
the buffer resets after this method is called , so this method should only be called once per blob descriptor .
sets the host ' s on back pressed dispatcher owner .
creates a native linkable using sources compiled by the d compiler .
sets the cpu status ( free or busy ) .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
closes the websocket - connection .
for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .
converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 character bytes - each byte is a truncated char .
pauses all downloads .
loads the class using the application artifact class loader .
convenient way to build a beam sql row type .
calculates intersection of the image and the render filter region in the coordinate system relative to image .
if keys = " abc1234 " , settings with a key equal to " abc1234 " are returned .
18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )
generic method for untyped messages .
sets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .
initializes and returns the hashtable of all permissions known in the system .
grants the role read permissions on the resource .
waits during timeout until text extracted from specified web element by
scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not explicitly trust the service , but automatically validates against self - signed - service trusts gateway certificate
check if there is any negative cost ( = improvement ) .
see url html
create new builder based on an existing base event instance .
user / group may update meta data of nodes : rename files and folders , change classification , etc .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
see syslog constants and rfc 3164 for more information about the
once you ' ve created a db parameter group , you need to associate it with your db instance using modify dbinstance .
returns the list of configured wan publisher targets for this wan replication .
remove axiom change objects are automatically generated .
return a signature object containing the current signature state .
if labels = " abc " , settings with a label containing " abc " are returned .
adds a new uri to the list of redirects .
returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .
archaius module however is stateful in that much of its configuration is supplied externally to the guice injector .
the event context keys # message _ target , if any
create a new empty sequential with atomic guarantees on all mutative operations .
extract the values from the array ' s elements by applying an extracting function on them .
sets the cipher to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .
this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .
sets data to be parsed by libflac .
returns the next day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts the date to be the next of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting with response # configuration setting
set account element .
computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex string .
the order type is an enum value located under the # order _ type key .
read an optional long value ( stored as string ) form a json object .
gets the parent object in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .
if modified and not discarded , sheet material will be stored before being disposed of .
get the value of the accessible flag for this object .
get icon img and append to buf
testing the times transpose ( vector , vector ) method of vmath class .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
otherwise , this qualifier must contain all the arrays in super type .
returns bounds of the split button part .
asynchronously gets a service .
returns true if the constructor method is locally empty ( allows calls to empty init and super constructor ) .
sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
creates a schemaless instance of a provider with the given values for fields f1 and f2 .
add two uri path segments .
in alarm , only minute dimensionality indicators are expected to process .
if thread is null , the list is immutable .
creates callable for executing entry # double who am i ( string , string , re authn type , string ) as given user .
validate that i have a exuberant ctags program i may use
tests for the base file system # get status ( alluxio uri , get status options ) method .
# # # effects : provided user receives email with reset token .
performs thread dump and prints all available info to the given log .
if the column ident doesn ' t have a path the return value is null
checks if the given detail ast node is matching line and column number .
persists running state to the remote runtime dataset .
an array of objects defining the nodes in the dialog .
the amount of time ( in millisecond ) which adds to waiting time when using linear back off strategy .
specify charsets associated with the configured # set locations ( list ) locations .
builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .
moves on to next top level domain in top level domains list .
add the given handler method argument resolvers .
gets the chemical dissolution chamber of the item stack input in the parameters
runs operations for a single client .
inverse of # jackson bson ( string )
are specifically excluded except for carriage return , linefeed , and the horizontal tab .
computes the hash of this module , returning it as a hex string .
calls the specified converter function with the current single instance during assembly time and returns its result .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .
comments in the same 10 - minute bucket and otherwise equal are considered equal .
creates a new column ident which just consists of the path of the given column ident e . g .
returns the capacity specified for each node , or empty to leave this decision to provisioning
returns an immutable copy of the current headers .
purge the population of parts candidates as much as possible , since the cost of their later combinations is worse than exponential .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
calculates the cash flow for a single trade .
assigns a native mirror object to the given rbase object object .
creates an exception from an service name .
appends a quoted string to a given buffer .
return - 1 if there are no tokens on channel between i and 0 .
construct the default web view object .
sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
this returns false for unstampable rule classes and for rules in the host configuration .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
in this test , we close an internal stream in the priority tree but tree should not change .
adds a ( non - optional non - minus ) node to a join group partition .
if they are not the same an assertion failed error is thrown .
gets the value of the ' value type ' field .
adds remote file attributes to this remote file class .
increment the count of triggered synchronous state updates ( by one ) .
extracts options from the specified item .
check whether we are executed on an expired entry before the timer event for expiry was received .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
checks if the given name is a legal binary name .
string map is created for the configuration property file and is passed into the framework .
checks if the deletion policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .
tests for the base file system # rename ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , rename options ) method .
resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .
returns the java type corresponding to the given method descriptor .
sha256 tree hash does not match to ensure that part data is not corrupted in transmission , you compute a sha256 tree hash of the part and include it in your request .
returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given data type .
if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .
tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .
returns the user thread with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found .
stub of plugin # will declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override
observer methods with other transaction phase are scheduled for the corresponding transaction phase .
use the given sleuthkit case to update the data used to determine the available filters .
extract a user rating vector from a rating cursor .
adds a to a buffer , with each being separated by a " : " .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
standard setter for the leftward label string for this relationship type
create a service locator .
it will also exclude files that cannot be analysed with # can analyze ( virtual file , file type , module ) .
if the name is a single identifier , then this can be reclassified as an astvariable reference
set account type .
returns the object with the settings used for calls to label audio .
this is a convenience method for # elect preferred leaders ( collection , elect preferred leaders options ) with default options .
returns the value of the specific parameter , or default value defined in the info if this params doesn ' t contain the param .
create an instance of jaxbelement
is the value with this qualifier less than the length of any of the arrays ?
clears the given persisted files stored in # m persisted files .
compares this local date time to another date - time .
this returns a trade based on the specified trade date .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied scheduler , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .
this parses the specified byte source to determine if it appears to be fp ml .
the key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
helper to parse the imported file into an imported grade wrapper depending on its type
fixes a bug with the swing jfile chooser : if you entered a new filename in the save dialog and press enter the method returns instead of the filename .
returns the operation enum value .
saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .
currently , sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .
create new instance of instance manager store .
sets dependency options .
setter for comment format .
sets the entity attribute of this user to entity
more specifically , the root modules are resolved as if by calling resolve requires .
get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .
generates the form to post to the dialog frame .
returns if the is greater than the .
after calling this method , call # configure ( int , int , int ) to start using the new sample rate .
move this touch display to a new x - y position and bounds .
triangulate two view using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )
split the given tree based on a split point such that the terminals leading up to the split point are in the left returned tree and those following the are in the right returned tree .
gets the full path from a full filename , which is the prefix + path , and also excluding the final directory separator .
as the name implies , indicates whether the train or cart is in the process of leaving the track .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
when the context is being reinitialized , this call blocks until the reinitialization succeeds or fails .
if the property has not been set , or if its value is negative , set the timeout length to the default .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
verify that a named subquery exists for each include .
make a copy of a range of bytes from the passed in data array .
returns true if there is a value in the current thread ' s copy of this thread - local variable , even if that values is null .
applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .
glacier provides you a unique archive id , an opaque string of characters .
set zu ber .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .
see clients class definition # get whitelisted properties ( )
ensures that the quorum is present if the quorum is configured and the operation service is quorum aware .
sets the retry policy that is used when each request is sent .
provides the location to dockerfile
for a split parent package this will include enriching with siblings , if check for split siblings is true in which case the enriched ( split ) binding will be returned .
gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari _ server .
glacier , you first initiate a job , and after the job completes , you download the data .
derive secret key by pbkdf2 algorithm ( 1000 iterations of sha256 )
convert statistics object into jsonobject .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
gets a vector pointing in the direction that this location is facing
or throws a com . liferay . so . no such member request exception if it could not be found .
given a bunch of node refs , create simple features from the results .
get import account .
for adding classpath elements that are not normally on the classpath in the java version : svm jars , truffle jars etc .
create a geo circle of the right kind given the specified bounds .
set the node type .
sets a new value by changing the offset and doc id .
the md5 hash of the file .
creates a list of default files to check for credentials .
sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of provider classes .
the key for a max value , or null if everything is na n ( no max ) .
gets the editor component generator for this column .
whenever a minion with deathrattle is summoned , gain + 1 / + 1
gets the ibor index .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns a date representing the date of the last checkpoint before the given block height , for example , normally you would want to know the checkpoint before the last block the wallet had seen .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
configures ssl or tls of the default virtual host from the specified key manager factory and tls customizer .
if it fails , an exception is thrown and the read lock will not be locked .
returns true if the specified string name , is found within json array checks .
create a new icrypter for the given context .
produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .
work item lifecycle event and calls the # publish ( work item lifecycle event ) method
gets the value . mutable for the keys # llama _ variant llama variant .
set a new jackson resource provider to this builder , dedicated to provide an object mapper for serialization and deserialization of data .
lists a feedback entry with a specified ` feedback _ id ` .
adds an export .
if the new address is null , a pending flight is cancelled and an ongoing handshake is failed .
binds the specified service at the specified path pattern .
maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) .
queries this contact source for the given query string .
get the next value .
normalizes the specified url and creates a new instance of this class .
makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .
removes the trace associated with this callable statement from the connection that created it .
if you actual latency will be lower than " desirable operation latency " , will calculate the difference and use it as bulkhead config . max wait time
provide the implementation of the platform decoder for the current platform using the provided
add partition of buffer to consume
rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
saves all writable accounts and the default account , which can later be obtained with # get default account .
returns the full set of traversal parameters specified on the command line , including parsed intervals without merging intervals specified by the user on the command line .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets html options # create overview field to true .
this operation requires the secrets / get permission .
binds a new instance descriptor using the information from the jersey descriptor instance bean descriptor .
the messaging exception handler configured on message processor chain or flow construct will be used to handle any errors that occur .
adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .
if the option to use a central repository has been selected , does not indicate the central repository is configured for use .
report the ending barline .
add a series for a x - y type chart using lists with error bars
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the hex color for the primary displayed usernote of a user
rotate this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .
does nothing if the given node is currently not visible or target is .
tests that apply works .
returns the value of the node as a module identifier , or null if the node is undefined .
returns a lightweight , low - level preceding - sibling axis iterator .
testing the normalize ( vector ) and normalize equals ( vector ) methods of the vmath class .
adds a ' following user ' type notification with the specified request json object .
turn a to x of either3 into a single either with lists of values .
tests array # from ( value . . . ) .
ingest a matrix into an h2 o frame .
returns list of collapsed accordion panes
same as # await result ( long , time unit ) , but throw interrupted exception and timeout exception as an operation cancellation .
shows full - screen preview of the passed media
handles a netty rpc callable with logging .
build an http ok without any content .
sets the quorum name for operations .
returns the expression to the left of the " : : " if it exists and is unambiguous .
determine type of a store base on a store file name .
set name of the cosmos db table .
returns prefix byte for this type .
adds part of another token to the token .
and repository id = ? .
generates random trits for a transaction .
thread signaled test for predicate lock # wait forever ( )
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .
n choose k . returns 0 if n is less than k .
show toast for exception
list a range of recording descriptors which match a channel and stream id .
register the runnable to process the specific p transform id .
robust computation of the inverse covariance matrix .
see the blowfish cipher class - level java doc for more information and why it might be good to provide your own .
get the channel parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay channel .
reset the leader election throttle .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .
fetches the configuration settings that match the options .
autodetect a free marker config object via the application context .
invoked when the txn has been removed from the queue and is starting to execute at a local execution site
then return all - block to get the trapped water
delete radius configuration # # # functional description : delete existing radius configuration .
check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy object .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the normalized variation of information ( normalized , 0 = equal ) nvi = 1 - nmi _ joint
generates a valid document id for a service , used to index the service in es .
returns the jdbc connection # username property .
when the insertion is complete , the ticker will be count up latch # count up ( ) incremented by 1 .
calculates all distances of atoms within this cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts
converts milliseconds to a string containing hours and minutes
web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .
gets the price that was traded , in decimal form .
create a trip time subset from a given trip pattern , date and time window .
availability zone in the same region to increase fault tolerance in the event of a service disruption .
rx ratpack . promise ( new async service ( ) . observe ( " foo " ) ) ) . get value ( ) ;
returns all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .
| then we can use this range we retrieve levels from the map .
gets the user ' s avatar url , if present and in a supported format .
return if itoken type attribute # tf _ common _ word is set .
calls # reset ( ) and releases any held drm resources .
removes given packet extension from the list of child packet extensions .
prepare task event for execution on agent .
this method returns an interface that is both " up " and supports multicast .
return true if the given cms tree item or its children is selected .
note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .
note : amazon glacier retains recently completed jobs for a period before deleting them ; however , it eventually removes completed jobs .
appends the information about the given handle to # buf buf .
handler method converting a jetty connection into a restlet call .
the timestamp for creation of the synonym .
returns the ( unbiased ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset
remove space for sql expression and outside parentheses
reads the inbound request headers from the request and sets them on the service request .
returns the input stream of this message content .
the value is artifact file metadata # placeholder if the artifact ' s metadata is not fully captured in # additional output data .
currently , sona supports flat , vxlan and vlan modes .
returns true if this module reflectively exports the given package package to the given module .
search for package name in the sorted regular expression list , if found return the group name .
returns the key frames [ ] array where all the texture regions of the animation are stored .
get the current request scope . instance request scope instance and mark it as suspended .
whether to group the rest resources together .
assign available voices to the chords that have no voice assigned yet .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
ensures server received authentication request .
the option will be converted to a type .
returns true if the given class loader is in the system domain in which all permissions are granted .
important : because the number of workflow history events for a single workflow execution might be very large , the result returned might be split up across a number of pages .
the default resolution is resolution # day since vaadin version .
returns list of expanded accordion panes .
initializes the execution of a task .
removes the specified properties of the namespaced entity id .
called in response to the rcontext # destroy method .
each class must represent an annotated class .
add the specified graph to the cache .
high order byte is server id , next 5 5 bytes are from timestamp , and low order 2 bytes are 0s .
common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin
an example of a valid direction is new vector ( 1 , 0 , 1 ) .
code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .
pauses all downloads .
decodes a string representing a number of events into a vector of logging events
checks whether or not resources in the web - inf folder can be access .
get stringwert .
compare the two queues containing operator / task output by converting them to an array first .
wrapper for close of result set which removes this result set from being traced then calls close on the original result set .
sets the single character used to indicate a row should be ignored when present at the start of a row .
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
and " . . " in file names .
parses the vector2 represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .
returns the function annotations .
configure a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type .
inserts a set to the dataset
handles : post / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service display name
then log4j invokes the # set appender name ( string ) method to set the value of # m appender name .
returns the status with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . chat . no such status exception if it could not be found .
important : after you create a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .
sets the state attribute of this user to state
this call returns true in the interpreter or a low tier compilation that does profiling .
returns the inet address associated with the client who created / is interacting with this subject .
code snippet for append blob async client # create with response ( blob httpheaders , map , blob access conditions )
class | delay | cron
the returned context supplier is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .
converts short duration string ( hh : mm ) to milliseconds .
returns a new fresh folder with the given name under the temporary folder .
adds a new constant _ double _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
timed invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection
created by user info
# # # effects : if ` branding server branding id ` is set , ` branding server customer ` is not supplied .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
when translated into a query term object , search terms containing an operator have the operator removed from the string representation .
this method is currently only used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .
appends bcc address .
look for contract stored by given slot contract id .
sets the iclass cache for the given application .
tests for the base file system # open file ( alluxio uri , open file options ) method to complete successfully .
if there is any regular output or error output , it is appended to the given s .
calls # discard to end ( ) and releases any held drm resources .
this is measured from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .
add a content uri to observe
preference summary should be the activated device name
this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .
differs from the above because it can be used on any file , rather than only managed commit log segments ( and thus cannot call wait for final sync ) .
gets the description .
parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )
does a simple head request to the server ' s / health endpoint to check if it ' s reachable if not an
code snippet for append blob client # append block with response ( input stream , long , append blob request conditions ,
returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .
a typical use case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .
there are cases where a type is seen as unresolved but can be found amongst the imports of the module or within the default imports .
checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .
returns the log compactor .
this property is not returned if the dialog node has no parent .
parses sparse vector from the given matrix market string .
code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )
get the gradle paths for the given list of modules and all the tested projects ( if it is a test app ) .
getter for # expose headers
creates a behavior that uses the given wicket consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .
accumulate secondarys into a linked list x ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function
retrieves the position in the list corresponding to item id .
configures ssl or tls of the default virtual host from the specified key cert chain file and cleartext key file .
phone number
set the number of expected records for this task .
predict predict the rating given a sparse appender vector
each of the available players is passed the provided information and the first that reports it is compatible will be returned .
adding fields to a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .
sets the sensitivity .
requests that the player prefetch a media item with the media id for playback .
creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .
get the etag property : the etag property .
causes to have its method called in the event dispatch thread with low priority .
checks if the deletion policy can release some index commits with the latest global checkpoint .
removing fields from a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .
when a layout is rendered in the layout , it is fetching resources from the app resource repository : it should see all the resources just like the app does .
enables initial @ literal ping barrier before any connection is usable .
get the content of this element .
extract the values of given field or property from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .
converts a json document into a pdx instance
gets the current art value represented by this painting .
in error message , exclude @ rultor from list of commanders ( ref ) .
web element # get text ( ) equals to provided expected text .
set upc / ean .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ( ) for important security - related information .
they must not be of type known amount payment period .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
checks whether caption and description are interpreted as html or plain text .
determines if this beacon manager instance is part of the process hosting the beacon scanning service .
the domain portion of the object name in the query if use obj domain is set to true 3 . else , the class name of the mbean .
forget all entries that match the scheme + host + port of the given key , so that they can be crawled again if discovered again .
keys and values are separated by # separator .
set the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . create sub directory # string
created by user info
retrieves the metadata for the specified namespaced entity id .
blob range , parallel transfer options , reliable download options , blob request conditions , boolean )
request for graceful stop then blocks until process is stopped .
for now , just consume the message and throw it away .
this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .
converts a create file options object to an open file options object with a matching alluxio storage type .
called when the user reorders the policies in a service .
this lacks a mathematical argument , but is a handcrafted heuristic to avoid numerical problems .
tests global recommend ( set , int , set , set ) .
setter for the output directory where the data files are stored .
in case of failure the flux will error .
note that you do not call
adds a qualified " exports dynamic " directive to the declaration .
| 2 . if it ' s a right child , it should have a incremented column value .
queries this search source for the given query string .
gets the list of certificate properties certificate properties on this page .
users cannot poke the threshold values via this condition .
parses the rectangle represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .
set name of the noun .
delegateaction to the track ( s ) clicked on .
receive indicator result from persistence , after it is saved into storage .
sets the journal serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .
return the graph from the underlying switchable .
( try to ) create a flag inter ( either standard flag inter or small flag inter ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if the new lookup class is not within the same package member as the old one , private members will not be accessible , and protected members will not be accessible by virtue of inheritance .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
report the id of the sample sheet that contains the provided sample .
the format used is iso 8601 - like : h : m : s . s .
get the object , and return it , throws runtime exception
this polling job tries to find another upn p devices related to same samsung tv and create handler for those .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . delete sub directory # string
if labels = " \ 0 " , settings without any label are returned .
the namespace document is a bson document containing the values associated with a mongo namespace .
returns a supplier that returns the current language instance .
after the recreation , it brings back its lifecycle state to the resumed state .
create an instance of ctweb properties
classification id ( for files only ) : ` 1 ` - public ` 2 ` - for internal use only ` 3 ` - confidential ` 4 ` - strictly confidential
appends to a collection column , as in set l + = ? .
start a task with a tag to identify it and with a time threshold ; a task represents some work that spans some time , and you are interested in both its start time and end time .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such account exception if it could not be found .
loads the update center data , if any and if modified since last read .
produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .
is has plain column or not .
report the note which if vertically farthest from stem tail .
if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content language ( context ) .
creates an android framework resource repository without using a persistent cache .
convert file to html .
try to detect link between this slur instance and head on left side plus head on right .
slight performance increase over # render ( buffer builder ) .
calculate a sample ' s standard deviation .
when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation .
returns the foo with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . sampleservicebuilder . no such foo exception if it could not be found .
gets the string or long id from the key , or null if incomplete
returns a list of backup nodes .
this method creates a temporary vcf file and it ' s appropriately named index file , and will delete them on exit .
starts the service if not started already and starts all downloads .
helper method to retrieve the parent folder type .
the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .
unregister the given event from the current context ( provided ) .
sets the storage serializer .
gets the groups used to find an issuer curve .
creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 08 ( one week earlier ) .
complete the request .
it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .
will set object as tag to this request , wrapped by weak reference
whether the channel product is a beta product
write a chart series as rows in a csv file .
the input 2011 - 01 - 15 ( a saturday ) for parameter ( saturday ) will return 2011 - 01 - 22 ( one week later ) .
set bewegungsdatum .
gets the dialog node id .
the bar chart properties of the chart
gets forwarding function type of the forwarding objective .
returns an iterator of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .
otherwise , it traverses all objects in given array and adds their scalar values named cursor # get next ( ) to the result .
this method is run everytime the service is executed
if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .
get the file content type property : sets the mime content type of the file .
for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to
uses a hash map to map keys to value collections , initialized to expect the specified number of keys .
returns the number of occurrences , or - 1 if the exact number is unknown .
log rule execution statistics .
test of var method , of class hyper geometric distribution .
load all profile names .
get the session configuration for the specified camera id .
obtains an instance of zone offset from a date - time object .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
returns the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .
decode an action profile member to pi action group member .
if not , returns - 1 .
sets the quorum name for operations .
visit class header and get class name , access , and intefraces informatoin ( step 1 , 2 , and 3 ) for svuid computation .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of zone offset .
validates that trailing checksums should be enabled based on client type and the presence or s3 specific headers .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
this method will called byte buffer pool # release ( byte buffer ) if a buffer pool has been configured .
generate and write the html page that shows the snapshot and the state of the zoom params
secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .
removes all actors and cells from the table ( same as # clear ( ) ) and additionally resets all table properties and cell , column , and row defaults .
if the number of missing elements is 32 x times the number of present elements , treat it as sparse
returns an immutable set containing one element .
compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode a uint32 field .
create a new read / write access object .
filter the array under test keeping only elements whose property or field specified by property or field name is null .
first sends a request to the blob store and gets a list of all blob file summaries prefixed by the given core name .
creates a new http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers .
method that returns code to access a named state parameter .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
executes pems # private key spec ( input supplier ) on the string which contains an encoded private key in pem format .
verify that at most max entries per session can be put in the cache
creates redeem data for p2 pkh or p2 pk input .
return a new terms in which term of core node name is removed
typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .
create an initial optimistic locking value according the version type contract for the version property if required and inject it into the snapshot state .
returns the number of allowed parallel requests the configured router should adhere to .
checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param str .
return the initial pixel size used to define initial arrays ( tile aa chunk , alpha line , buckets )
it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an inet address is valid or not .
useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .
sets media item2 object to render using video view2 .
otherwise , the specified consumer is invoked with the leader index metadata fetched from the remote cluster .
returns true if the currently set key guard matches our minimum quality requirements .
it incorporates the zone , bulb type and command category .
restore redundancy with backoff .
generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , uri )
if type var is a captured wildcard , returns that wildcard ; otherwise returns null .
set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis and angle ( in radians ) .
like # read generic records ( schema ) , but reads each filepattern in the input pcollection .
returns the whitelisted regular expressions .
used by system internally to merge the other resources of chained operators when generating the job graph or merge the resource consumed by state backend .
adds a single sensitivity to the builder using metadata .
creates a course object and an instructor object for the course .
indicates if the display name of the xry meta key is a recognized type .
test of var method , of class binomial distribution .
bold driver : gemulla et al . , large - scale matrix factorization with distributed stochastic gradient descent , kdd 2011 . constant decay : niu et al , hogwild !
with natural ordering , ordering # natural ( ) is returned .
executes pems # public key spec ( input supplier ) on the string which contains an encoded public key in pem format .
this method schedules the disablement for asynchronous execution .
switch to the given page , update the highlighted episode .
repairs the metadata table .
returns an immutable list containing three elements .
sets sslhost config infos .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
sets the css pages for the static website .
returns a literal for the reference policy .
expands the given row .
sets playback rate using playback params2 .
adds the specified argument as xquery string .
returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
this is measured from the bottom , that is , the expected shortfall with the level 99 % corresponds to the average of the smallest 99 % of the observations .
the base url will be the application url .
atomically updates the current hi value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .
returns the report builder for the rootmost component that contains any of the duplicate bindings .
centres this dialog on the main fame .
gets the value of the source property .
if an event listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .
use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .
allocates an array of the specified length in unmanaged memory to hold references to objects on the java heap .
nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the ribbon .
customer lock status : ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .
a comparison of document clustering techniques kdd workshop on text mining , 2000
doesn ' t support date types .
test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) .
returns the expression node to the left of the " : : " if it exists .
execute function for each chunk of arguments .
runs a process using a custom timeout and a process terminator .
( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to support localhost and proxy server environments ) .
adds an actor as a child of this group , immediately after another child actor .
todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .
use # destroy to naive matrix ( ) if you do not need further updates .
this method currently handles events for the classname combo box .
waits until the query with the specified id has been started .
handshake will be null and throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed tls connection attempt .
creates an audit entry when a service definition is deleted .
schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux and solaris servers .
returns the partition id for the given key .
return the formatted string .
if - - all is specified , - - interface won ' t be visible
returns the raw binary representation of the handshake header .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
sets the console script .
should return null for values that cannot be compared under comparability semantics .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob client . copy incremental # url - string
backs up the subscriptions and bookmarks databases to external storage .
if the lock list is write locked , returns lock mode . write .
custom logic to only enable the configuration element as this is immutable and once the mule context is started we cannot change values .
if the new value is not equal to get value ( ) , fires a value change event .
gets a collection of bibentries and sets an id for every entry .
obtains an instance of zoned date time from an offset date time .
called when a track info is deselected .
gets current playback position as a media timestamp2 .
internal mapper to remember and add all types for the recycler view .
they are not accessible in the handler provided as parameter .
xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored .
in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniond ) rotate ( ) instead .
returns the servlet request instance .
varargs version of # add state ( closure , object , java . util . set ) .
this completes the switch .
creates a command that can be run later which will restore a display to its current state .
return the underlying expression tree .
a guarded transition from native to java .
setter for the auto - pull flag .
calls # array allocation size ( int , int , int , graal hot spot vmconfig ) using an injected vm configuration object .
get a table object based on the identifier .
reverts local changes for this post , replacing it with the latest version from the server
get multiply rate .
by design the return value is not a within range condition .
this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . dateraised
returns the realm type , in the described table , of the named column .
finds the table schema that can be used for a format schema ( without time attributes ) .
note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .
obtains an instance of offset date time from a date - time object .
primitive operation which inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list setting revisions # setting selector
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent in a larger inode tree .
add init return statments .
the rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
asserts that the cache contains the given data for uri string .
creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
net . dv8tion . jda . api . requests . error response # unknown _ emoji
the provided xmpperror xmpperror .
the executor will shutdown on # shutdown ( ) , if not detached .
the parcel file descriptor will be closed when the list becomes empty .
returns the client preferences .
get upc / ean .
returns the value of the bitfield field .
get the last time this object was used in ms .
convenience method for get scheme ( host . get scheme name ( ) )
the meta - property for the expiry date time property .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
gets policy for resource set .
the alias is a boolean value located under the # enabled key .
returns the capture request configuration for the capture stage object .
simple names for a given type .
get the prevent encryption scope override property : optional .
get the fcpclient if it exists .
set the connection , this is usually called by subclasses when the channel is added to the pipeline .
get the classloader and module finder .
validation type is responsible for whether entity bean validation will be applied on data manager level .
delete persisted work units upon job completion .
a return value of - 1 necessarily indicate that the map contains no mapping for the key .
create subject alternative names with dns names .
so when we got block and all is ok - call this method .
creates execution sequence for pending task groups by interleaving their unique occurrences .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined by expected records .
therefore this is very convinient place to register scaler with disposer as well as trigger deregistring bad font in case when scaler reports this .
gets all tv show episodes from database
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
value of the code encoded .
closes the session .
this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .
method to get the configuration knowning the set
binds the http connection .
note that the writing process does not start until the returned mono is subscribed to .
tests resilency when d2 device availability is changed .
start building a new factory class - based service binding .
creates an exception from an service name .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
removes the source location value from this list of elements .
make you have enabled the na check properly using # enable ( rabstract vector , rabstract vector ) before relying on this method .
make sure to # release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .
send a non - mutation message to a given endpoint .
whether this codec is capable of encoding the given java type .
unlike excise we just need this endpoint gone without going through any notifications
when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a struct , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
overrides previous instances of the exact same subclass of fragment options .
list multipart uploads response , even if idempotent complete is possible .
load a android . graphics . drawable . drawable asynchronously
set upc / ean .
returns the opening month within this set of bounds .
the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .
returns a copy of this date - time with the zone id locked to the offset .
generates a valid document id for a service , used to index the service in es .
if the range of the variable has not been set yet , it will be set to be val id from the start to the end of the instruction list .
deletes the elements in the m values list and notifies the adapter
the version of this titan graph database
uploading large archives in parts ( multipart upload ) and upload part in the amazon glacier developer guide .
creates a column instance from a value provider and a renderer .
this maps either the security id or the legal entity id to a group .
returns the singleton instance of the slice background worker for specified uri if exists
a file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :
sets the schema version to the given shared realm .
compare two groups based on the grouping attribute .
adds a handle to the constant pool of the class being built .
bind contract provider model to a provider class using the supplied instance manager .
the manifest produced by this service do not include checksum for each entry .
returns all documents contained in this cluster .
return the stream manager in a context , or the global one if the context is null or does not contain an entry for a stream manager .
sets the quorum name for lock operations .
[ if sidecar19 - se ]
obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .
returns an account list item from the specified position in the m values list
playback params2 to the given input .
setter for # allow credentials
obtain the mongo database database with given name form the given mongo db factory factory .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
copies this expression ' s return type and size to the given expression .
the returned metadata entity is of the same type .
returns an immutable map containing a single mapping .
generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete sub directory with response ( string , duration ,
the expected indentation should be the same as the indentation of the node which is the parent of the target modifier node .
check if the last item in key signature has some trailing space ( before any head ) .
marks the action as analyzing .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get or create a storage block by the name .
calculates minimum - nulls are handled as zeros .
and repository id = ? .
test of var method , of class exponential .
if you want to extend a value ( e . g .
returns the ssh configuration entry which includes host and identity file location
extracts the underlying quotes from the curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .
sets the minimum session timeout .
gets the value . mutable for the cat type of this cat data .
copy the contents of a bucket to a random access thing at a specific offset .
this method is used only to initialize the accept replacers field .
to add or remove access for an aws account to copy or restore a manual db snapshot , or to make the manual db snapshot public or private , use the modify dbsnapshot attribute api .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window " before " value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .
if they are not the same an assertion failed error is thrown .
asynchronously gets a service .
tests this matcher against the given discord request .
add optimized insert value .
creates a new internal jetty connector .
see global checkpoint tracker # update allocation ids from master ( long , set , set ) for details .
this test asserts that only one state is added to the stateflowgraph .
update the metadata version for the given key ( cluster or store ) .
import ratpack . rx2 . rx ratpack ; import ratpack . test . exec . exec harness ; import io . reactivex . observable ;
we include all flags that enable cpu instructions as we want best possible performance for the code .
sets the value of the ' value type ' field .
the location on ontario lake should not be overwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario lake .
this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .
registers a new content observer for the media library
returns the height of the specified row , or 0 if the table layout has not been validated .
specifies the component ' s horizontal width , measured in pixels .
test of parse method , of class finished message parser .
create subject alternative names with emails .
if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .
we make sure that trying to update the field works if the user has the " correct " role , but failes if it doesn ' t .
create new builder based on an existing base event instance and and event context .
test of npara method , of class multivariate gaussian .
create a jwt validator that contains all standard validators as well as any supplied in the parameter list .
gets a property of type property type # path , interpreting the value properly , replacing supported environment variables .
returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector conditions .
parent will have modified time to set to layer configuration # default _ modified _ time .
returns true if the method m is visible from code in the class from .
set balancing .
the option will be converted to a type .
returns a curve node for a cds quoted in points upfront .
recursively find all operators under root , that are of class clazz , and put them in result .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
sets the transformed layout .
creates an entity and populates its state based on the db object given .
sets the entity .
an empty numeric doc values which returns zero for every document
setter for the url of the content review icon associated with this item
returns rolap connection properties # use content checksum is set to false .
returns an input supplier for a given entry .
returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector selector conditions .
bounded predict predict the rating given a sparse appender vector
one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .
felix constructor documentation for more information on framework configuration options .
the choices are : 1 = top , 2 = vertically centered , 3 = aligned at the bottom .
verifies that the given email content is the same as the content given in the file at file path param .
returns a better disabled icon than basic look and feel offers .
this will set the margin between the annotations " outer " rectangle defined by / rect and the border .
compute the total number of transferred addresses .
convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .
backs up all buckets for the device to the given node .
make job directory manifest service beans are configured as expected .
runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .
removes a query focus from the stack .
it satisfies the general contract of the object # hash code
native linkable .
returns a new run with the new status , and with the status of the given , completed step set accordingly .
sets the groups used to find an issuer curve .
sets the amount of damage caused by the event
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in .
gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .
if version is null , " latest " or " $ latest " , then it returns the highest version available in the system for the package .
configuration )
gets the threshold parameter value .
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when a file is not the correct size .
returns list of nodes matching defined line and column number .
deletes an external id .
calls the specified converter function with the current maybe instance during assembly time and returns its result .
get open id idp configurations # # # functional description : retrieve a list of configured open id connect idps .
reports the percentile value from the given list ordered in a non - descending order .
marks proto member , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if its enclosing type is also specifically included .
this option allows to configure each configuration file based on the location .
get all the jobs present in the wiki .
return a single reflective method resolver .
this is useful for typical blocks in manual java mail code .
two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0
expands all tree nodes in a single call .
tests for defaults create options .
modified by user info
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .
used by track model container ( e . g .
important : the source db instance must have backup retention enabled .
requests that the player prefetch the media items for playback .
getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
sets current date as e - mails sent date .
sets the value of the crypt algorithm type property .
in case of failure the flux will error .
adds a network interface ( aka port ) into a given bridge of openstack node .
sets the amount of time , in milliseconds , to wait between adjustments in pool sizes for a given host , to allow enough time for the adjustments to take effect .
constuct a trace log event .
returns the quorum config for the given name , creating one if necessary and adding it to the collection of known configurations .
timed invoke all ( , , null ) throws npe
all foreign key index types domain application index epp resource index
this method checks if the region of path starting at path offset matches the path segments in segments .
indicates whether this filter needs to use the secondary , non - sql method get matching files ( ) .
this only functions after we have been attached to a hierarchy .
the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
set this axis angle4f to be equivalent to the given quaterniond .
create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .
if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the
it is used for adapting this data provider to a filter type provided by a component such as combo box .
creates query for the given query string .
create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .
creates a metadata coder .
inserts the node at the tail of the frontier .
returns the codec ' s supported type for decoding requested mime type on the current device , or null if the codec can ' t be used .
remove all free glyphs that are assigned the provided group .
add insert optimize result uint .
returns the tasks entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . tasks . no such tasks entry exception if it could not be found .
if no sld file , throws an exception
use this method if setting this option is not required and to express that it may be .
gets the value of the descrption property .
gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , checking nbt or not .
this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .
creates new day of month in utc .
sets the entities .
the option is a : type .
test of from method , of class statistics .
infer a schema from an avro - generated specific record .
deletes the element at the specified position .
creates an empty object literal , ` ` .
creates an iterable that iterates in parallel over a three iterables .
initializes this . audio formats
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the partition storage level .
testing the is spd ( is symmetric positive definite ) method of cholesky decomposition class .
show index .
creates an instance of row factory using provided row type factory and getter factory .
create an rsocket outbound gateway spec builder for request - reply gateway based on provided route .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in .
constructs a url to save the data to
returns the ratio of stack traces indicating back pressure to total number of sampled stack traces .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
prints out the created certificate issuer details when a response has been received .
hack to avoid disappearing footer when changing the predefined styles at runtime in safari
if the offsets list is empty , then an offset of 0 is used for each array .
indicates if the way is ready to handle new messages .
handles an iterate commit .
add a duration ( with the same time unit as the current duration )
gets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .
returns if annotation is present on given accessible object .
gets the node type .
returns the favorite site with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . so . no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .
create an unnamed , parented instance manager .
starts continuous task .
since category uses " total points possible " property instead of " points possible " property , as in assignments
they must not be of type known amount payment period .
get the address of the datagram ' s data field .
temporary method to upgrade from old staff barlines to staff barlines .
given a pattern and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .
the key create options is required .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
make sure we can get the genie host info instance even if ec2 metadata fails .
equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) . dist ( distribution )
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
converts hex encoded string to byte [ ] if necessary .
sets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field
amazon redshift returns all resources that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
generate a form type from a string .
append tlvmsg to the tlvlist .
gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field
this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project type
return type of method signature as a byte value as defined in constants
loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
sets the alignment of the items in the list .
atomize java items .
constuct a trace log event .
inspects a given throwable as well as its nested causes , in order to look for a specific exception class .
returns an iterator on all registered commands .
returns the server list for the requested cluster .
creates a service name for the deployment unit to define the service .
warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e .
if this node is object node and has value for specified property , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .
returns a copy of this date with the specified field altered .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
the string " back " is special - cased to provide referrer support , when referrer is not present ` alt ` or " / " is used .
creates all folders at once .
note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .
write a chart series as columns in a csv file .
determines whether a character is lower case according to plain character # is lower case ( char ) java ' s definition .
returns the split point number , 1 - based .
fails silently if no match found .
objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctabs size anchor ctrel size anchor
sets item to self and waiter to null , to avoid garbage retention after matching or cancelling .
create error value with given reason and error details .
protocol and proxy will be non - null and throwable will be null when the connection is successfully established .
get the set of all custom providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .
basic test of layer containing automatic modules
returns the sync d l object with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .
this factory creates a zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .
checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query
creates cron definition instance matching quartz specification ;
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
remove the query at the given position from this playlist
you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .
allocate a block of memory of the given size in bytes , and return a pointer to that memory .
returns the app with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . marketplace . no such app exception if it could not be found .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
caller should not modify leaving endpoints
waits until the given element is either hidden or deleted .
check that the default base section paint is not null , and that you can never set it to null .
returns a new fresh folder with the given path under the temporary folder .
setup starts 4 process instances of one task process and 1 instance of one task process2
applies a list ontology changes to a collection of ontologies .
the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .
using the starting mark found for each alteration item , defines all slices .
it determines time duration that you should wait for permission and reserves it for you , if you ' ll be able to wait long enough .
pieces a list of core maps back together using word and setting a white space between each word todo : remove this ( list to string does the same thing )
checks whether memory cache key ( image uri ) for current image view is actual
initializes the resource to edit according to the uuid provided via the tag ' s attribute " uuid " .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .
for type # error or type # exit actions this can be provided as part of the factory method .
appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf .
this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot .
implements packet listener .
returns the authenticating user ' s retweet of this tweet , or null when the tweet was created before this feature was enabled .
removes and returns the node at the head of the frontier .
queries this contact source for the given query string .
the key create options # get expires ( ) expires and
the get key operation is applicable to all key types and it requires the keys / get permission .
returns the ( unbiased ) skew of all the values within a dataset
get payroll movement with concept is paid and is invoiced
prepare the collection of cli tasks ( inputs , books , scripts , samples ) .
checks a given class .
runs the pig script using pig runner api if version version or above .
provides a list of all connection wrappers corresponding to a given environment .
if this lookup object has private access , then the caller class is the lookup class .
the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .
add a list of documents to the solr server .
report the pitch position of the nth item , within the given clef .
creates a flux of paged response starting from the first page .
kafka consumer properties are generated as follows :
returns the builder for the settings used for calls to label audio .
wraps this subject and serializes the calls to the on subscribe , on next , on error and on complete methods , making them thread - safe .
propagate any exception thrown drop events if invocation of # process ( base event ) returns null .
complexity : 5 trigonometric functions , 2 sqrt .
returns this option if it is nonempty , otherwise return the alternative .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
updates notifications tab settings switches state based on the master switch state
checks that no scores or freqs are infinite
turn a to x of eithers into a single either with lists of values .
anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .
if not set , a random uuid is generated with uuid # random uuid ( ) .
sets the response type .
returns an action to release a the given file descriptor and free the given native socket address .
note that the returned instance must be request scope . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .
nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .
this increases the likelihood of selecting an instance that is hosted in the same data centre as the process .
check equality between a string and a char [ ] object , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .
you must call the # initialize without running ( special timestamps supplier , timelock service , key value service ,
returns whether this instance deploys to the given zone , either implicitly or explicitly
returns all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .
get type of the report .
get externer kunde nr . .
a utility method to destroy a mock trezor device .
insert an async processor ( with dedicated thread , multiple subscribers )
should subscriptions be considered part of a group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .
compresses and stores an integer value to the specified byte array .
get the username ( email ) of the current user .
for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see
for conceptual information and the underlying rest api , go to
this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map .
fetch metric in org . terasology . telemetry . metrics and send to the server .
this method returns the psk identity as clear text .
r is a rotation transformation specified by the given quaternion , s is a scaling transformation which scales the axes by and is an # is affine ( ) affine matrix .
includes i phone , i pod touch , android , windows phone 7 , palm web os , etc .
returns the attachment with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such attachment exception if it could not be found .
returns the destination ' s navigator .
whenever there is a palindrome , the result increments by 1 .
checks if the source can be parsed as fp ml .
test of var method , of class exponential .
batch options # get maximum size in bytes ( ) .
sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .
configure a ssl config for the http service using the legacy configuration
main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .
constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and bigtable table admin settings
fourth , it is easy to keep a precise record of the number of elements in the stack , since each element has to know how tall the stack is .
if main branch = 100 locs and the " largest long - lived branch " is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .
the supplier lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .
obtains the type from a unique name .
it is assumed that xry meta key string is recognized .
create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .
prefer the chest tab as it is the biggest ( with default config ) .
returns the index of the last entry in the segment .
get open id connect authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .
if that lookup fails as well , it ' s assumed that the xmpp server lives at the host resolved by a dns lookup at the specified domain on the specified default port .
obtains an instance of chrono from a locale .
a call to map . entry # set value on the returned entry will always throw unsupported operation exception .
set menge in catch weight einheit .
sets split button icon
error responses are never streaming so we always use sync response handler adapter .
perform a click on a " content menu " sub - menu entry .
gets the value . mutable for the fox type of this fox data .
proliferating cell nuclear antigens ( 1 plr , 3 hi8 ) are structurally equivalent c3 homotrimers .
get the reference type for a class name .
group : consumer
queries this contact source for the given search string .
# # # effects : newly transmitted password is set .
note : the information you get via notification is same that you get by calling describe job .
create an instance of jaxbelement
resets the log unit server via the batch processor .
this will return a duration with 2004 time unit # milliseconds .
returns rdfformat # ntriples .
amazon redshift returns all snapshots that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
if the last node itself is known type then that will be considered as the parent .
this implementation attempts to resolve any session id that may exist in the context argument by first passing it to the # resolve session ( map ) method .
such " real " brace is then removed from system groups .
after install , this function checks whether everything went properly or not .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
removes the element at the specified position in the elements array , adjusting head and tail as necessary .
this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
setter for # expose only requested header
receives an plain xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .
apply a create table change to the model .
creates an entity and populates its state based on the db object given .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
atomically sets the values to the given updated values only if the current encoded value = = the expected value .
returns true if the specified provider is built by the vendor .
a directional arrow is a single arrow drawn in the middle of two points of a polyline to provide a visual cue for direction of movement between the two points .
returns the current entry ' s site path .
trade attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a trade in a key - value map .
policy enforced exception exception , see error responses .
get value of the cosmos db resource throughput .
receives an xml tag and returns the view class that is represented by the tag .
retrieves software version data .
menge in preiseinheit eff . .
sets the identifier of the transaction .
create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .
creates an android framework resource repository .
ensure that cthmerge & cttc borders go in poi - ooxml . jar
find all the arrays that are members of the same len annotation associated with the array named in array expression along the current path .
helper method : gets concept avg value of a payroll between 2 dates ( old compatibility )
sets the deployment .
checks if this factory creates s that simply return the specified column .
returns the field component set by # with field ( com . haulmont . cuba . gui . components . component ) .
this method tests iteration consistency of a lsinfo playlist file response result against a known value .
creates a new atomic tree map builder .
check for expected local values and types in the live stack frame
group : consumer
sets the prompt .
any creature that you cast through vizier of the menagerie ( ie the card on top of your deck ) is castable at instant speed .
returns an immutable map containing eight mappings .
returns the specified session attribute of a session .
method get job id returns the hadoop running job job id .
index is guaranteed to be available inside that read action , unless this method is already called with read access allowed .
calculates the prime factors of the decimation rate up to a maximum decimation rate of 700 .
: big integer ' s to byte array returns eventually longer arrays because of the leading sign - bit .
expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and 5 for g1 ( 3 pre + 2 post ) the ( 2 or 4 ) barriers are emitted while initializing the fields of the weak reference instance .
enable transfer - encoding
apply a " not equal " constraint
returns true if this module permanently exports the given package to the given module .
generate a challenge status from a string .
set up m _ validator from schema plus .
encodes the given object using the configured # serializer ( ) .
returns a writable , fixed size buffer containing the payload .
delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with a given ' prefix ' .
amalgamate all pre - destroy callbacks and return a read only list
clears the entire undo / redo cache for all objects
code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , reliable download options ,
returns the response object with list of dhcp servers without counters .
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ deleted at just one server .
adds in memory files to the array list passed in .
decorates all services with the specified decorating service function .
removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified namespaced entity id .
the expected value for this nbt entry
count the total file size , including id files , of database stores .
stream ( ) . for each returns elements in the collection
returns bounds of the split line part .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the server command for the specified control byte ( soon obsolete ) .
scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
if wrapping fails , returns null .
note that a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .
updates existing generated component file .
group : consumer
second , there is roughly a linear ramp up to # target _ records , after which backoff occurs .
allows to create alignment with the following feature - aligned blocks are aligned to block with the current alignment if the one if found ; block with the given alignment is checked otherwise .
returns a jbiterable that groups this iterable into lists of the specified size .
calculates the frequency offset required to mix the incoming signal to the desired output baseband
gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .
tests that the conjunct future returns upon completion the collection of all future values .
combined list of buffer edge is passed to declaration assembler for merging .
initiate controlled shutdown of the transport thread .
starts the server with the given properties .
disable compaction on the partition id id .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
plugins should communicate via fcp instead of passing objects of their own java classes even if they are running within the same node because this encourages implementation of fcp servers , which in turn allows people to write alternative user interfaces for plugins .
returns an immutable set containing three elements .
closes the window , i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method
this method schedules the enablement for asynchronous execution .
converts a swagger parameter to an instance of body .
create a variant of java . util . properties that automatically adapts non - string values to string representations on properties # get property .
returns this layer ' s parent unless this is the plain # empty empty layer , which has no parent .
to configure vault notifications , send a put request to the subresource of the vault .
processes the given message in the page and session identified by the given websocket connection .
gets the primitive target conversion type .
removes all the tags from the namespaced entity id
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .
actually invoke the after completion methods of the given spring reactive transaction synchronization objects .
scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
returns the entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . contacts . no such entry exception if it could not be found .
whether this configuration is for a partial synchronization realm .
sets the reference entity ids property in the builder from an array of objects .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .
set name of the cosmos db gremlin database .
sets a secondary record unit id for this record .
returns the previous day - of - week adjuster , which adjusts the date to be the previous of the specified day - of - week after the specified date .
start building a new factory instance - based service binding .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
workflow datatype exception test .
name of schedule
removes a uri from the list of redirects .
creates a for - comprehension of 7 iterables .
returns the argument if it yields no results .
returns matched property name or if name is not matched .
usage : java quote attribution test familywordsfile animatefile gendernamesfile
the account will continue to have student access .
if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used
set the model id .
makes the given visitor visit all of the instructions in this list .
skips bytes from a stream .
adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ select _ packages _ property from stack
count number of aggregation exceptions updates contained in the given list of cpowrapper .
this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , int ) .
note : if you upload a part whose size is smaller than the part size you specified in your initiate multipart upload request and that part is not the last part , then the upload part request will succeed .
so if you want to be sure that your iget and set locator is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .
called at the end of a request , after sending the response .
if namespacing is disabled , the namespace parameter is ignored and the method returns a list containing the single resource repository returned by # get app resources ( boolean ) .
if numerator tree is a + b and divisor greater than 1 , and a and b are less than the length of some array , then ( a + b ) / divisor is less than the length of that array .
generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .
add a duration ( with the same time unit as the current duration )
returns the members of this action profile group .
calls methods to find and parse a credential file in one of the default locations .
the module has the given set of concealed packages and is defined to the given class loader .
it shuts down and releases the managed channel if reference count reaches zero .
parses compressed vector from the given matrix market string .
gets the icon url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .
this method returns the value of the database column s _ user . dateofbirth
if # ignore _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the short range , then that bound is set to the bound of the short range .
object # hash code object . hash code method .
exceptions include the argument attr . argument type cache , changes to which may be preserved if local cache is null .
encode a pi action group member to a action profile member .
returns the column criterion currently used to sort the table .
stream the results of this query as a list , grouped by an attribute .
it cancels timeout task and checks if add - entry operation is not completed yet .
second scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed
the option will be converted to a
see # filter blocks ( predicate , boolean ) to adjust this behavior .
randomize between - 1 and 1 , use the specified seed .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
returns the index , in the described table , for the named column .
tells if this node command is installed .
configure a ssl config for the gateway using the legacy configuration
otherwise , returns the least upper bound of the two annotations .
sets the option to allow queries to run across all partitions of the collection .
by overriding this method extending classes may change what is interpretated as a repetition of the header ( e . g .
returns the leaf type of the underlying expression or the given type
return the largest prefix for the input path .
returns the long value if this primitive value is of type long .
get resource definition snippet block .
default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ not _ supported .
set the date that this token expires
add an action , replacing any existing action of the ( exact ) same class .
if hazelcast security is not enabled , then only the given group name is compared to configuration .
converts data to a string in # encoding _ charset format .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a function that checks that a particular mongo db pipeline is generated to implement a query .
starts all downloads except those that have a non - zero download # stop reason .
action to launch a browser on ( local ) audiveris handbook
parses dense vector from the given matrix market string .
get minimum level .
returns the session client id .
checks the dirty status of the ' repr url ' field .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
casts the date time to @ chrono local date time with the same chronology .
returns enum value for predefined input dialog action which was clicked in the dialog , e . g .
returns an immutable list containing seven elements .
set list of index keys .
this operation requires the certificates / setissuers permission .
returns the input stream of this message content .
returns a string that is used as the key to create input version attributes in the transformer output header and metadata for all cinder inputs .
see fast corner intensity for more details .
the media library will call ` on change ( boolean ongoing ) ` if the media library changed .
get the order of classpath elements , as an ordered set .
services incoming range write calls .
stops all downloads .
this method creates a mapping from each index source lookup symbol ( directly applied to the index ) to the corresponding probe key input
or throws a com . liferay . sampleservicebuilder . no such foo exception if it could not be found .
/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / stop / : host - port / : timeout - > profiling stop .
gets the g rpc server address .
tests resilency when ingress device is down .
returns an immutable list containing zero elements .
obtains the type from a unique name .
this is the smallest positive power of b that equal to or greater than the given n .
warning : read the javadoc of component # can call listener interface ( method ) for important security - related information .
updates frequencies by values and features .
maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor2 ) .
returns this document ' s # content _ url field .
sets a metadata property for the specified namespaced entity id .
see # with chrono ( chrono ) for more details on overriding .
returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a point set region of a dataset .
for example , this demonstrates loading from the models jar file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .
this method first finds strongly connected components ( sccs ) on a graph made by type data by tarjan ' s algorithm .
returns buffer fragment that is currently focused or null if nothing or buffer list fragment is focused
get current authentication session .
returns a list of section names for the course with id course id .
gets the session token2 as versioned parcelable for the session that this controller is connected to .
creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified http tracing instance .
this indicator says if - - entity and - - default search result parameter are visible .
then a new basic document is used instead .
see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock access , block pos )
writes the response into the writer .
first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed
the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and
checks whether the frontier contains not yet expanded nodes .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
user has accepted eula .
the input stream should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .
counts the number of elements in the input iterable that match the predicate .
returns the builder for the settings used for calls to label audio .
check whether the given member is a proxy member of a proxy object .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .
bind a named double - valued parameter .
helper method to remove an artifact .
in case of ioexception throw an assertion error instead
calls # execute sql script ( context , sqlite database , string , boolean ) with transactional set to true .
performs the trigger check comparing the received event with itself ( this trigger )
checks to see if reclaimed or reused .
make a new label with this as a value component .
list of group ids
in case of failure the flux will error .
returns the edit groups .
set the etag property : the etag property .
todo - perhaps a method like set cell type and value ( int , object ) should be introduced to avoid this
send request for execution via # cli io .
gets an ordered list of visible screens
if the preference is not set , a pathname in a temporary directory is generated , which is automatically deleted on shutdown .
this method maps a server error code to a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .
handles : put / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service display name
note that the columns # name column ' s enabled state is ignored as it will always be enabled .
chops a token to the specified length and adds dots .
scenario : - ca is only in service trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca
converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 chars .
set the pattern for the training set files .
generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete sub directory ( string ) ( )
writes an entry to the currently open file , if any .
set the file content type property : sets the mime content type of the file .
obtains an instance of offset date time from a local date and offset time .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .
otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in options .
adds a " logical imager " data source to the case database using a background task in a separate thread and the given settings instead of those provided by the selection and configuration panel .
this information is useful for implicit and safe casting .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the function that matches the current request or the specified error code .
this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .
returns the formatted unique name of the type .
gets a date value from a wmi result as a string
obtains the type from a unique name .
register a known set of audio or video transcoders .
returns a boolean indicating whether the session is open .
calls plugin # did declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) on all the bundled plugins
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .
returns the required java version of this plugin .
remove every generated files corresponding to a wiki .
get the vm url for the embedded active mq broker
code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .
alias for future # of ( executor service , checked function0 )
unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ hlsl compile _ into _ hlsl
resolves a collection of root modules to create a configuration .
what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . .
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified .
adds a list of strings as the payloads of the request .
this can result in motion of elements backwards or forwards in the array .
depending on what fields each label has , other things will be .
this operation does not have a side effect on the position , limit or mark for the buffer .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
may return empty if this call is not qualified ( no " .
controller info , string , int , bundle ) when the parent is changed .
note : you cannot delete a cache subnet group if it is associated with any cache clusters .
decorates and binds the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .
setter for # allow only requested method
iterate over all the secret properties secret by each page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .
use the # add ( entity structure ) method , this method throws an exception .
in case of failure the flux will error .
decorates services under the specified directory .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
any function operating on a _ compiler _ t must offer the basic thread - safety guarantee .
prepends the stringly representation of byte value into buffer , given the coder and final index .
get authentication resources # # # functional description : provides information about authentication options .
set exclude of total calculation .
unregister the mbean located under the given object name
resolves a collection of root modules to create a configuration .
atomically sets the hi int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .
also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .
connects the channel to a group .
sets the credentials .
, and end as siblings , so they can all be indented relative to the parent unmatched call from # build unmatched call children ( )
for each child glide module , write an indexer with an annotation with the class name .
remove query at given position from current playlist
unbinds the currently bound bean if any .
assigns the current checkbox value to the option specified in the constructor .
this method is currently only used for root - level serializer handling to allow for simpler caching .
create sections out of the foreground pixels found in a provided buffer and contained in the specified region of interest .
returns unmodifiable map of module name to hash string .
get customer keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the customer resque keypair .
or throws a com . liferay . pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found .
more complete search to see if this is a valid package name
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )
set up m _ validator from schema plus .
used to store a few ui related settings for the current session only .
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when no files are consistent .
tests the text index .
get one time download id for zipped images ( media )
sets the intent .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .
as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with
this makes it hard to debug because if task throws an exception , its call stack ends in the execution engine that actually starts a thread that serves the task .
code for reading alt site records from a table
stub of plugin # did declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override
get the file content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to the file .
make sure to # release parser ( saxparser ) in a block every time you call this .
test of parse suppression rules method , of class suppression parser .
sets the media sources to be used by the test runner .
tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .
group : producer
sets new iseeding strategy .
returns an immutable list containing five elements .
obtains the provider of the class clazz and name binding name that is scoped in the current scope , if any .
tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string , string , string ) constructor to build a uri from its different components .
get the identifier representing the exception thrown
the cleanup should be registered after the fd is set in the file descriptor .
this is a place holder in case in the future we wish to be able to reload aggregates .
gets all actors from database .
logs collection , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .
sets the label .
returns a task manager services configuration for the tests
generates random transaction trits with the provided trytes , trunk and hash .
scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
a is built when the jar is created .
gets the name of the associated quorum if any .
- java . lang . string utf16 . compress ( [ ci [ bii ) i
sets decryption as succeeded
queries this search source for the given search pattern .
test for [ jackson - 328 ] , precedence of " getter - as - setter " ( for lists ) versus field for same property .
if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url # string
the configuration is saved under the config name defined by quorum config # get name ( ) .
checks if a catalog resolver is available .
a candidate package name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .
indicates whether this charset is known to be registered in the iana
this call prevents automatic request scope . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .
sets the service and returns the server builder that this service binding builder was created from .
aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .
withings api into a list of calories burned data point objects .
target # on ( class ) method has to be # to ( ) called before it can return its reference .
code snippets for data lake path client # set access control ( path access control )
bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )
get all pinot realtime table names .
raf is more robust , but does not allow concurrent access ( parallel read and writes ) .
query by given select builder
removes all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
when add / rm / mv element
whether or not this is a visible gas .
sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the right
creates the jdeps file artifact if needed .
returns the configured css head include resources .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
download or stream an image ( media ) from an shared album .
tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .
tests for pattern = string scalar int sequence .
configures ssl / tls for https jetty server / client
called by media session2 stub # get item ( imedia controller2 , string ) .
see comment in directory taxonomy writer . add to cache ( category path , int ) for an explanation why we clean 2 / 3rds of the cache , and not just one entry .
compares if the file md5 matches a given md5 hash
returns the k b comment with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found .
registers implementing class of the transform algorithm with algorithm uri
if several time values are inferred , pick up the highest one and reject the mappings that led to other values .
this method can be overridden by realm implementations , but the default is adequate when an instance of is used to represent authenticated
determines whether a character is a letter or digit according to plain character # is letter or digit ( char ) java ' s definition .
call back after receiving file message header .
we must access this directly rather than via method thread . get id ( ) because get id ( ) is not final , and has been known to be overridden in ways that do not preserve unique mappings .
returns all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
send a message from this node to all nodes ( including self )
returns an immutable map containing nine mappings .
the expected format is : - - add - exports / = ( , )
execute http request and produce a response .
add entity value synonym .
store the specified realm properties and child ( realm )
sets the dialog node .
get the value of a property in a specific buck rule body .
for more information about the vault locking process ,
set repeated type .
gets the value of the ' row key ' field
when a term is reactivated , it ' s invoice candidate needs to be deleted .
deletes the feedback question and the responses associated to it .
returns the host address associated with this exception .
see # begin ( txn mode ) for more details an options .
helper method to register wiki components from a given document .
encode data map as a byte string using byte string unsafe wrap .
sets the space between children .
getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
returns the list of available devices for the current platform , if any
if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this group name will also be used as a wan publisher id .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
creates an instance of token verifier from the given string on a jwt of the given class .
retrieves the uid and primary gid of the user running alluxio - fuse .
test an array used as a fifo queue .
set maximum level .
get the storage blocks map .
all descendants , in the top - down order .
extract the values of given fields / properties from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .
if array length access node is an array length field access and the other node is less than or equal to that array length , then refine the other nodes type to less than the array length .
notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the identifier of this action profile group .
then pick the second highest from the array and insert to result according to k .
returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the
gets information about the certificate which represents the certificate properties from the key vault .
returns whether or not this qualifier has sequence with offset of - 1 .
allows to capture and then assert on a throwable more easily when used with java 8 lambdas .
the return map keys are index , type , field ( as specified in the request ) .
run 4 f with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .
redirects the aar configuration inherited from another repository to point to this one , so that the other repository can be garbage collected .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of offset date time .
the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .
list of certificates used to verify signed tokens
attempts to add an endpoint to the replicas for this datacenter , adding to the endpoints set if successful .
return all keys matching the search query , without pagination nor facets
if servlet version is used , the cookie will be marked as http only .
adds libraries from the given native linkable .
see args # get blocking executor .
returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .
note : this api uses class instead of module to provide backwards compatibility for jvmci clients compiled against a jdk release earlier than 9 .
tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .
does not escape character data in val , must already be valid xml
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
associates this cache configuration to a quorum .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
returns the formatted date in utc zone of the signing date .
when a class b inherits from a and a is annotated as a dict , then b automatically gets the annotation , even if b ' s constructor is not explicitly annotated .
for information about computing a sha256 tree hash , see
obtains an instance of zone id from an identifier ensuring that the identifier is valid and available for use .
create new note .
build a lazy resolution message from the given supplier .
sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
gets the value of the cycle property .
gets the value of default user ( login or username ) .
non - null password .
if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .
this will return the key key with key material included of its latest version .
sets the behavior .
set global id .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
validates whether the character is possible in the context of the set of possible base 64 values .
if labels = " abc1234 " , settings with a label equal to " abc1234 " are returned .
can be called from any move thread .
| lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )
group : producer
gets policy for resource set .
sets the jodd . madvoc . action request # next action path ( string ) next action request for the chain .
web applications ) , consider using a controller with component pooling and / or caching .
gets the list of certificate contact contacts on this page .
close the closeable as a null - safety .
setter : is this table a stream type ?
fires focus tracker # focus changed ( boolean ) event for involved components .
according the the spec the key is the " first key size characters of chromosome name , padded with zeroes if needed .
appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # buf buf .
construct blob data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct .
uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .
as per the jls , value is a sub - type of of the raw type value .
todo : change this into deselect track ( track info )
tests that an mqtt connack packet can be encoded successfully without throwing any exceptions .
if an event listener is assignable to event listener it will registered as is .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos items .
the struct complies with the # schema for the my sql connector .
returns true if field jvm type is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
installs split button mouseover listener .
call from main thread .
message source contact in the supplied list .
return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the year number in iso 8601 - 2018 format in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .
test processing of nested objects , see bug 36384 .
finds the resource with the given name on the class path of this class loader .
filter evaluator should return optional # absent ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
config load balancer factory .
the process method which take a mary data object in parameter , compute the features of the utterance referenced in the parameter and return a new
returns an observable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n observable sources emitted by a specified observable source .
wrap an object , if necessary .
returns an immutable set containing nine elements .
reset the value given the timestamp , value and reals .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get setting # string - string
if use index is true , the join scans polygons and uses an index of geometries built prior to invoking the join to lookup matches .
important : after you modify a db parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db instance that uses that db parameter group as the default parameter group .
reads the main class attribute
create a new detached jdoquery instance with the given projection
the number of transports active within the image liveness timeout .
it is upto to caller of this method to close the stream .
callback when created ledger .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
the negative of ends not with is # ends with .
returns an java . time . instant object that is offset by a number of milliseconds from now .
returns true when data migration is complete and all v2 metrics tables have been deleted ; false otherwise
if it runs in a transaction , then the transaction has to be empty ( no operations executed yet ) and after the execution you will be in a new transaction .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
checks that collection @ param col contains string @ param str .
checks if an web socket request matches this annotation and path .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # parent parent configurations .
return session result # result _ code _ success to proceed the command .
returns the native ble descriptor for the given uuid in case you need lower - level access .
handles the patch operations , delegating actions to sub - class implementations .
the name will normally start with the prefix " trace " followed by a 9 digit number followed by a " . log " suffix .
implementation attempts to locate the redirect uri from request and check with service registry to find a matching oauth service .
get methods from all interfaces .
returns a copy of this runtime , with the given authenticator .
sets the scheduler used to process api responses .
setter for # expose only requested header
invoke builder . provides ( string service , set providers )
test finish before others
an ascii string ; non - ascii data is escaped with hex notation nb : not always uniquely reversible
get the plain execution event execution events as a list .
includes fields from the given annotation maps .
once you ' ve created a db cluster parameter group , you need to associate it with your db cluster using
returns the text displayed by the button .
tests the file system master # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount options ) method .
unregisters all the mbeans registered through # register mbeans ( ) .
configures the messaging exception handler that should be used to handle any errors that occur in this scope .
enqueue given object ( append after tail ) .
the option will be converted to a
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
creates a new unformatted translatable text with the given translation and arguments .
places elements into order by ascending # raw score .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .
returns the selection listener that will be notified .
sets the value .
if not , then this method adds a extended throwable proxy converter instance to the end of the chain .
encodes the commit time into a key .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
test of npara method , of class bernoulli distribution .
calls # get block definitions json paths ( ) and # get block extensions ( ) .
each expression id should be unique .
assert or condition .
label node if necessary .
creates a new create index request builder with the settings obtained from # index settings ( ) , augmented by the given builder
resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .
returns whether the given site path points to a sub sitemap folder .
repeatedly subscribe to the source @ literal num repeat times .
finds all constraint annotations defined for the given member and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .
returns an offset date - time formed from this date at the specified time .
processes the timestamping of the signature .
a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table deletion , to wait for the table to become deleted by polling the table every 5 seconds .
get the preference key which stores the number of times the feature associated with the smart toast type has been used
put all the dynamo db annotations .
adds the address of a gremlin server to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
try to find class source via get resource as stream ( ) .
if more messages are sent or received , theses messages are dropped .
each returned attribute will be prefixed with value provided in the prefix .
returns the logger object used by the default implementation of the injector .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .
get the estimate for a preference .
new attribute statement .
set the index of the referenced table to use for this constraint .
structural specification for more details .
apply # coerce ( string , type , cnode , data context ) method to a collection item .
see # set padding ( int , int , int , int )
gets java types from soy type .
this method get the store query and return the corresponding output and its types .
create error value with given type , reason and details .
returns the resource types .
second , the very last access will always be recorded .
properties in those configs ( e . g .
adds a control metadata .
submits a runnable task for execution and returns a future representing that task .
stores that the list of permissions has been asked
the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .
sets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field .
any data that overlaps existing data from the data holder will take priority and be overwritten from the pre - existing data from the data holder .
loads the list of block extensions that support the block definitions in this activity .
decode dashes ( encoded in camel messaging headers inject adapter
returns the account with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such account exception if it could not be found .
checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with all ( max 500 ) categories of the searched query
also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .
logs collection , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .
add the argument to the value of this integer .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
first , try to find the exact identical instance of the tile object , if not found , then try to find a tile has the same title .
closes the current writer
method is able to create form incoming class and descriptor jersey descriptor a foreign descriptor which is provided by underlying di provider .
to return a list of vaults that begins at a specific vault , set the request parameter to the vault arn you obtained from a previous list vaults request .
optimizes a function , which may return an empty sequence if the first argument yields nothing .
compares that two secrets are equal .
1 . a conventional compass needle pointing north / south ( false , default ) 2 . a pointer arrow that indicates the device ' s real world orientation on the map ( true )
read the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .
the address should be parseable by inet address # get by name ( string ) .
the user who created the comment .
iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the label constituents parameter
if keys = " abc " , settings with a key starting with " abc " are returned .
sets the units of this drug order
this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .
handles an iterate commit .
updates the feedback response identified by new attributes . get id ( ) .
the option is a :
set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond .
reset all labels in the instruction list .
attempt to get a user by eid or id ( if that fails )
executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node ( the other one since policy . always )
escapes character data in val
tests for the base file system # mount ( alluxio uri , alluxio uri , mount options ) method .
for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action
based on vmchk / checkinterntable . c r1 . 3
sets the inet address from where the authentication attempt occurs .
shuts down the managed channel .
sequences an event .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages
returns the list of unique classpath element paths as urls , in classloader resolution order .
this exist for backward compatibility and exist for internal usage only ( do not call this method explicitly ) .
if set to false , an exception in cu dnn will be propagated back to the user .
this method allows you to specify iteration listeners for this model .
if no such module has been set , or if something wrong occurred , null will be returned .
tries to refine the compile - time type of this variable through the type of the bound expression .
sort a list object : list >
better way to change consumers are use data carrier # consume
defaults to default instruction ack source .
it is just the logging that guava tries to do that may disrupt thing when initializing the logging infrastructure .
upcalled from embedded mode to ( really ) commit suicide .
calculate the area of all and blocks
sets the uuid of the request .
selects the option ( s ) with the given text .
provide a mutate ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found .
the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .
when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .
return the shared memory channel that the plugin and its related classes use for outgoing messages to the upstream service .
returns a function which produces a service wrapped with an exception filtered http response decorator .
set the peer address only if the previous peer address that had the same peer id .
when using cu dnn and an error is encountered , should fallback to the non - cu dnn implementatation be allowed ?
assign a voice to this chord , and to the related ones .
add insert optimize result unit into units .
creates a default dbscan
bytes ref : int [ ] floats encoded as integers values , 2 bytes for each dimension
the factory itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .
creates a jar file from the resources and given dex file array .
we defer initialization of this member until after the atomic bucket creation phase is over .
returns a pointer buffer view of the data . l field .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
returns the " me " fragment from the sites tab
get the value of report format .
helper to get a list of user eids in a group
the node type ( s ) that are implicitly allocated to this
the default value of this attribute is 40 .
the return value indicates whether a frame could be skipped .
gets the resolution of the bitstream that this instance represents .
stub of plugin # did declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec ) for subclasses to override
removes the given key from the local entity map , and then broadcasts the removal to all nodes in the cluster .
the entity is validated such that the account is allowed to log in before returning .
creates a new metadata entity which consists of the given key and values following the key and values of this metadata entity
this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml service provider ( service provider resolver )
return the response body as a string .
# get extension ( )
stub of plugin # will declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) for subclasses to override
returns the length of this path .
position attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a position in a key - value map .
returns a new coord4 d from a byte buf .
sets the list of package groups and the order they should occur in the file .
can be used to get the mimetype
gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the
wrap this class path loader with a class loader facade .
returns the image capture . capture mode .
however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .
quotes can be used to include spaces .
to build the logical staff barline ' s , part barline ' s and measures , the strategy is :
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if an element has many classes then this will match against each of them .
saves the last gallery .
invalidates are not allowed more frequently than controller leader locator : : millis _ between _ invalidate millis .
retrieves the genre name for this track .
get the application - configured hk2 service locator .
returns the singleton component database instance .
adds an address representing a group of gremlin servers , which will be added to the list of servers a client will try to contact to send requests to .
the meta - property for the price property .
in case the parent instance manager is not specified , the locator will not be parented .
returns session token2 so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .
note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .
use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .
you can restore to any point in time before the time identified by the
this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . probalitity
one way to ensure this is to always call # declare label declared before calling this method .
attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid ( using map to type on the monoid interface )
test for bug described in url .
write the list produced by calling extract resources to folder to the given file with system line separator compact sikulixcontent format
resolves all keys within the given chain .
unless overridden by the # set cipher method , the default instance is a blowfish cipher .
get quantity invoiced .
method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the transport action for an action , throwing exceptions if the action isn ' t available .
however , since we inject the constant annotation marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .
configure a function to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .
see instance info # get default address ( ) for explanation on why the hostname is used as the default address
test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local time .
it can be configured by adjusting the aeron . client . liveness . timeout property on the media driver .
a convenient blocking call that can be used , typically during table creation , to wait for the table to become active by polling the table every 5 seconds .
the reconnection delay property takes a positive integer representing the number of milliseconds to wait between each failed connection attempt to the server .
returns the content for the specified pre value .
the key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
amazon simple db to optimize requests and generally produce better throughput .
this operation retrieves the subresource of the specified vault .
returns json value with the specified content .
converts a bucket options to a dbobject for use by the java driver .
appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .
if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new uid is generated and placed within the map .
this year - month will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method .
returns a value with the given element type containing the items in this list .
returns the global meter registry to which components are registered .
sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the bottom
send request to the server with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .
removes a job .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
converts an int array to an integer list .
create a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree , returning the new connection identifier value .
epoch _ month -
this defines the bond group that the discount factors are for .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .
sets the value of the ' in memory ' field .
get the instance of smack interoperation layer implementation class
set the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .
handle coin iq .
this needs to be done in any case , whetere future channel creator return failed or success !
returns an immutable set containing six elements .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
you can make this request at any time during an in - progress multipart upload before you complete the upload ( see complete multipart upload .
set the non - stroking color in the device rgb color space .
returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .
creates new day of month in utc .
maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark
removing fields from a pojo as operator state should require a state migration .
send request to the server with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .
returns an immutable map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .
note : you cannot authorize ingress from an ec2 security group in one region to an amazon rds db instance in another .
this method maps a server error code to a router error code , and then makes corresponding state update .
loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .
tries to receive up to max _ num _ msgs _ to _ receive messages in one go
adds a new tag for the specified namespaced entity id .
after that , this method does not set the lease as active , but instead reserves that ip for only the mac provided .
returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on
fetch the given user ' s list of starred artists
action triggered when the execution of this node has finished .
receives a pending event and add it as a recorded event in the event storage if it is an event type that should be recorded .
ft basic can consume twice the input stream .
kept for compatibility with native script .
for each array in the intersection , get the offsets for this and other .
removes virtual port .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set setting with response # configuration setting - boolean
method is used for appending the given fields instance to this instance , into a new fields instance .
creates a module reference to an exploded module .
find ras _ node for specified node id .
create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .
get the names of any classes referenced in the type descriptors of annotation parameters .
however , it is strongly recommended that you set up an amazon sns topic and specify it in your initiate job request so that amazon
setter for # expose headers
set catch weight menge in preiseinheit .
if such value node exists this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .
if no class with the given name exists , null is returned
note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . add setting # string - string - string
setter for # allow origins
test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .
iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a dataset
main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .
submits a notification for drawing .
creates single folders .
makes the recent ( sort by create time ) articles with the specified fetch size .
check if cert constraint parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .
returns an instance of a glsl data type for the given data type .
handles : delete / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service display name
the ec key create options parameter is required .
skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \ ' .
returns null .
the list of arrays may not be empty .
get the biome for a specified id .
return a string suitable for sending in a " cookie " header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0
use the plain # add delivery ( delivery , time window ) instead .
run an mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums
return the number of tasks that are pending for processing .
returns the clusters that have been created during processing or if none were created .
set externer kunde nr . .
heap .
sets the cluster name .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
set import account .
returns the ( biased ) skew of all the values within a point set region of a dataset
make sure all resolved targets are instances of native linkable .
the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .
test the ngram filter factory
sends a request to write a list of addresses .
set consumers to this carrier .
creates index in elastic search given mapping .
create an instance of jaxbelement
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns the query string .
returns the program opcodes as a string , for example " [ 1234 ] dup hash160 "
when its position becomes known .
set application registration .
the default value of this option is 30000 which corresponds to 30 seconds .
executes the console script .
the supported fields are year , day of year and millis of day .
enables or disables this action based on the currently active folder ' s has a parent , this action will be enabled , if not it will be disabled .
the rsa key create options is required .
initialized adjacency list for graph with n nodes .
calls # set query ( query , query listen options , class ) with the default
checks whether this option has deprecated keys .
register a cleanup for the current raw fd .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
obtains an immutable pair of two objects inferring the generic types .
checks the dirty status of the ' repr url ' field .
serializes the context node into the output stream , but suppresses all exceptions .
test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # start ( ) .
delete user keypair # # # functional description : delete the user ' s keypair .
record an execution event for a dynamically registered container or test .
obtain a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .
returns a single which contains an instance of rx ble device .
invoked by selection operations to process the cancelled - key set
returns the gadget with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found .
returns rdfformat # ntriples .
returns all the sync d l objects where parent folder id = ? .
override to control whether camel context should be setup per test or per class .
sends a request and returns immediately without getting a response .
returns the service .
if keys = " " , settings with any key are returned .
compare the contents of two files to determine if they are equal or not .
returns the next query but does not update the internal query iterator .
returns whether or not an empty oauth token should be used for oauth1 .
convert tinkerpop ' s comparison operators to titan ' s
optionally replace the outer most component with a new component .
return the child of a node mapping to the input childname
returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file .
returns an immutable list containing an arbitrary number of elements .
return a inet socket address for the remote socket .
returns the my site fragment from the sites tab
returns a string describing module export .
map package name to the new name .
get is reversed with original accounting .
the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
see args # get blocking executor .
add a duration with the given time unit .
also noteworthy is that no clean up is performed if an error occurs in the midst of a transfer : files that have been copied ( even partially ) are left in the destination .
this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .
use pipelined hash join for service node .
issue a request with the given method to the provided resource uri .
authenticate by session .
create an unnamed , parented service locator .
and repository id = ? .
create new mbean and when set from class loader objectname
the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .
reduce a structure to a single - atom representation ( e . g .
go through the list of available clients in the queue and call hthrift client # close ( ) on each .
warn the events stream that there was a gcm status update .
get thread pool used for multi - project searches .
assigns a native mirror object to the given robject object .
returns the adapter , which allows to inflate the child views of tabs .
for example , consider a zone with a cutover from 01 : 00 to 01 : 59 :
keys # skin _ moisture
getter : is this table a stream type ?
get the graph node at the file location ptr .
calling this operation sends a handshake to every account in the organization .
returns the current widget that has focus .
builds a diff list based on the differences appended to this builder .
removes elements from a collection , as in set l - = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] .
sets the state of the loaded and prints some debug information
configuring availability options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
get cache affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .
tests the behaviour of the various section related methods .
test of npara method , of class fdistribution .
whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter
tests that a put operation blocks if the queue is full .
returns true if the type class has already been registered / mapped .
1 . mock . foo ( ) ; verify ( mock , after ( 1000 ) ) . foo ( ) ; waits 1 second and succeeds
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
copied from org . mortbay . log . std err log .
getter for # expose headers
enables or disables service config look - up from the naming system .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
if it is expected that the observable only emits one element , it is typically more convenient to use # promise single ( observable ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
added per pr comment :
get branding info # # # functional description : public branding information .
checks expressions with the pragma for enforcing index rewritings .
the max idle time is applied to a http request for io operations and delayed dispatch .
if no gradle user home is specified then this method returns null .
if no authority is found null is returned .
if labels = null , settings without any label are returned .
decode an action profile member to pi action group member .
note that the returned instance must be request scope . instance # release ( ) released manually once not needed anymore to prevent memory leaks .
drops the temporary database instance .
returns the inverse of the given matrix .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
it divides the sum of squared deviations from the mean by n ( n = = number of samples ) .
only if the most recently added callback returns from its on back pressed callback # handle on back pressed ( ) will any previously added callback be called .
test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .
creates a property matcher to match against a slot position .
sets the conditions .
and repository id = ? .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
sets use index parameter and returns trainer instance .
sets the drm provider to use when handling drm for media .
sets the value .
the generated hot stream is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # pausable hot stream ( executor ) .
if labels = " abc " , settings with a label containing " abc " are returned .
creates a controller with no processing component pooling and no results caching .
returns true if the resource is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .
checks if a group is allowed in a container with the given type .
the elements will be delivered on the context to the handler .
adds the parameters into context ' s parameter map
this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . probalitity
called when a controller requested to prefetch for playing a specific media id through media controller2 # prefetch from media id ( string , bundle ) .
records the addition of an element of the given size to the given generation .
returns a range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
map module name to the new name .
performs the check of the origin header that is targeted at the page .
this is important to understand the changing nature of the
returns the executable element for a method declaration of method name , in class type name , with params parameters .
tells if the join / leave membership events must be hidden in the messages list .
add path alteration detectors for the given root directory and any nested subdirectories under the root directory to the given path alteration detector .
returns a non - empty array of module descriptors in the run - time image .
produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .
the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
returns an empty iterator if the argument is , or returns iterable . iterator ( ) otherwise .
parses latitude out of a given string .
they are immutable .
set tu - upc .
the semantics is the sames as java . net . url # open stream ( ) .
check nullability of the class persister properties
the prefix includes the first slash in the full filename where applicable .
in order to prevent this , if both types passed to lub include all the same arrays with the same non - constant value offsets and if the constant value offsets are different then remove that array - offset pair from lub .
warning : the conditional comments don ' t work when injected dynamically with java script ( i . e .
get data source bean .
getter for # allow origins
create an instance of jaxbelement
fixture def if you need to set parameters like friction , restitution , user data , or filtering .
returns an intent to launch qr code generator or scanner according to the wi - fi network security .
for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ( method ) , this method has the same semantics .
list job operation returns a list of these jobs sorted by job initiation time .
this is most useful for beams .
code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,
convert this map x to a persistent set x via the provided transformation function
should be called when the media session2 # pause ( ) is called .
if there is no record for that media , it ' s assumed to be a completed upload ( returned progress is 1 ) .
sets the ratings entry persistence .
by constrast with optionals # sequence ( collection x ) optional # zero types are tolerated and ignored .
the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochronology using the = = operator .
returns the unmodifieable list of configured cms search field configuration entries .
if the other module is everyone _ module then this method tests if the package is exported unconditionally .
method to help in setting passwords .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
set the maximum initialization depth for objects tree .
returns the annotation mirror as specified by the " qualifier " value in meta anno .
see # default _ ping _ before _ activate _ connection .
converts a dbobject back to a type - safe java object ( pojo )
parse a string representation of a zoned temporal value .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
default implementation returns :
obtain the default query timeout that will be used for statements created from this connection .
changes health by a given percentage , modified by drain rate .
compute the standard mean pitch position of the provided key
send request for execution via # cli io .
create an unnamed service locator .
sets the value of the source property .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
removes a surface configuration from the combination .
the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .
returns the verb for the access token endpoint ( defaults to get )
or throws a com . liferay . marketplace . no such module exception if it could not be found .
parses an option string and sets the options accordingly .
returns the rootest flow ' s name for the module chain that will be macro expanded .
returns the type of the output parameter .
returns a newly - created simple composite service based on the services added to this builder .
removes a package from the package repository .
gets connection id length .
you can rescan the input bucket to check for new documents or cancel a request .
sets the groups .
returns time interval between vacuum runs .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
prepends the stringly representation of short value into buffer , given the coder and final index .
creates an immutable context set from an existing multimap .
the returned rx transaction allows using db transactions using rx observables .
returns a new instance of turtle parser .
code snippets for blob client # download with response ( output stream , blob range , reliable download options ,
object updates will continually be emitted as the realm object is updated - on complete will never be called .
this is the price agreed when the trade occurred .
finds component class from the given spec name .
set natural account .
retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the namespaced entity id .
if present this schedule is part of the catalog but not executed
this uses isodate time format # date parser ( ) .
returned browser result will only tell whether the attemp to search was successful .
the meta - property for the up front fee property .
loads properties from resource .
this is the id of the root block container where this event occurred .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns an operator that flattens a sequence of observable into a flat sequence of the items from the
clears the given persisted files stored in # m persisted files info .
however , token range searches will be routed to all the partitions , with a slightly lower performance .
checks a given class .
creates a non null list of item stack ' s with the elements given in the order that they are given .
verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified message
returns a rule that restricts access to the given set of ip addresses .
use # empty _ context if possible .
decorates services under the specified directory .
set maximum number of deferred processed application data messages .
add a citation to the citations map .
for more information , see set vault notifications .
produce the script load balancer instance to use for this genie node if it was configured by the user .
return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan ( after running the optimizers ) .
the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
get this object as a date time using the default zone .
get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .
create an instance of jaxbelement
returns the default set of root modules for the unnamed module computed from the system modules observable with the given module finder .
clears the value of the ' public port ' field
create introspection invalid response .
closure / lambda
send request for execution via # cli io .
staff key signature is dynamically computed using the key shape and the count of alteration slices .
helper method to compute column indices from selection columns and the data schema for selection queries with .
configures ssl / tls for https jetty server / client
constructs an instance of bigtable table admin client , using the given settings .
get the uk . gov . gchq . gaffer . data . elementdefinition . view . named view related to the specified name from cache
determines whether a character is a digit according to
note : the option is precreate = false option is appended to the url to avoid the automatic creation of brokers and the resulting duplicate broker errors
cancels the current transition animation
scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does trust the service - service does not trust gateway
searches in file using scanner instance for given pattern .
returns the type corresponding to the given protocol and number of hosts , if any .
manipulate the zoom level of the application and centers it
returns a copy of this cache span with a new file and last access timestamp .
fast loop for computing math . pow ( x , p ) for p > = 0 integer and x integer .
note : this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .
sets the name .
exercise layer define modules with a configuration that contains a module that has a concealed package that is the same name as a non - exported package in a parent layer .
attaches type information to the specified element .
returns the input stream of this message content .
creates a new listenable future whose result is set from the supplied future when it completes .
obtain a delegation token from accumulo in a backwards compatible manner .
return the data center for which an endpoint resides in
gets the value text .
returns the push notifications device with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . pushnotifications . no such device exception if it could not be found .
a variation on # get for lookup path ( string ) that accepts a full request url path and returns the full request url path to expose for public use .
create a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .
set non - incremental state values ( ex .
a semigroup for unary products .
this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire retention lock ( )
aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .
creates a controller with processing component pooling but with no results caching .
wrapper for update remote store def list : update this for all the nodes
creates a controller with processing component pooling but with no results caching .
match the beginning of the given path and return the remaining portion of the path not covered by this pattern .
what about immutable set immutable set . copy of ( e [ ] ) ?
default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .
event hub async producer event hub producers created with this instance will have their connections closed .
this is used across all activities / dialogs but can be overridden locally via # set local night mode ( int ) .
cleans the procedures in this schema .
cancel the task of loading and displaying image for passed image view .
sets the value of the ' in memory ' field
creates and returns an animation listener , which allows to adapt the pivot of a specific view , when an animation , which reverted an overshoot , has been ended .
appends a quoted string to a given buffer .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
thus , you are encouraged to keep the returned fcpplugin client it in memory and use it for as long as you need it .
create an instance of jaxbelement
logs in the user to the gae simulation environment as an instructor ( without admin rights ) .
returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset time .
computes the offset of the layout selected by a given layout path , where the path is considered rooted in this layout .
returns the base section paint .
returns the key matcher which chooses which keys the listener should be notified of .
sets the price that was traded , in decimal form .
waits during timeout until master pod has a specified expected revision .
update current starting address in the data store .
runtime . none with default values .
returns object deserialized from xml text .
register sub - objects such as caches
calls plugin # will declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins
you will need to # unregister screen off receiver ( ) unregister it later .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory async client . create sub directory # string
traverse all nodes of a prefs tab and return a mapping from prefs tab to all its labeled type nodes .
invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , int )
implements operator . pipe .
parses the " parenthesized expr " rule without the opening parenthesis .
filters a list of method for mop methods .
gets the mount point information from a mount information .
don ' t report the passed metrics types for all metrics ( e . g .
set a global " subscription " hook to intercept signals produced by the passed terminal subscriber .
if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for convolution layer will be used
provides a google credential from the service account ' s json key file .
log of n choose k
deserializes the previously serialized token stream using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .
helper that allows to create like node without having to instantiate new objects .
checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .
automatically triggers stack trace sampling if statistics are not available or outdated .
this test will be called by axis path # index if the context value only consists of database nodes .
sets the value of the security descriptor property .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
if a value is specified for link prefix , then a link is generated with link prefix + pretty name of the property from the configuration class .
registers a receiver to finish activity when screen goes off .
sets the global index .
note : changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .
set name of the cosmos db mongo db database .
file format of the scored parses \ t
returns the ratings entry persistence .
resolution exception for exactly the same reasons specified in resolve requires .
any error can be retrieved by calling # get errors ( uuid ) .
gets the amount of the notional exchange .
gets the value of the any property .
apply # coerce ( string , type , object , read data context ) method to a collection item .
bulk insert the buffered data into the store .
and verify that the allocation should finish soon after the max block time ms .
id of the oauth client
when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of
creates needed cross - reference entries between the given primary ( pk ) and natural ( natural id values ) key values for the given persister .
verifies the status message in the page is same as the one specified .
create an instance of jaxbelement
to create a database id from known name and uuid .
processes an invalid character .
sets the event index .
parses an rfc3339 date / time value with millisecond precision and returns this as a
execute and passed template .
returns an adjusted time based on this time .
sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - array item , or if it refers to the context item .
if circular initialization of the system class loader is detected then an unspecified error or exception is thrown .
this uses the default project id configured see service options # get default project id .
if the setting is locked , then no modifications can be made to this setting .
delete nodes from recycle bin # # # functional description : permanently remove a list of nodes from the recycle bin .
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' plugin bundle update information ' .
obtains an instance from zero rate sensitivity and bond group .
update the data source which ingest jobs are being displayed for
converts a raml documentation to a restlet definition .
return a scalar codec for the given range .
the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .
register a handler method and its unique mapping , on startup .
adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .
write a line of the co nll output .
returns the list of ids of all the cpu profiler . trace info created in the current session , ordered by " from " timestamp .
if there is no separate publisher id property defined , this group name will also be used as a wan publisher id .
protocol and proxy will be null and throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed connection attempt .
it will provide temporary loader component in place of final component until its data is fully loaded .
returns the selected remote file
returns the capture request config for the capture stage object .
set the values for some metadata keys on a collection alias .
when no time zone is specified at all , utc is presumed .
prints the providers that are used by the services specified in the given modules .
set read only mode .
conversion to a instruction handle is done in instruction list ( byte [ ] ) .
it is a wrapper of read native to handle interrupted exception .
the writes are done across 2 different instantiations of the same smrmap .
saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .
creates an audit entry for the ' service published ' event .
opens the specified query file .
optimization does not apply to pattern :
returns the base section stroke .
given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .
constructs the metric object from the thrift format .
the default implementation in this class returns if the version matches , and creates a new protocol version otherwise .
stopping of fluent cucumber test adapter
changes the default factory .
the function should return a value in the same currency for any rates provider of credit rates provider .
returns a list of allowed keys .
if replace with byte array coder is set , then replace that unknown coder with a byte array coder .
if propogate is true , the wrapped stream will also be flushed .
checks if the given name is a legal binary name .
returns the default selector provider .
creates a new schema info level builder with settings for minimum schema information .
report all the flocks in the repository .
switching off ignore term freq will return a simple averaging over all the terms found in the index
get name of the cosmos db sql database .
evaluates the build file ast into a package .
creates an unicast subject with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .
called when there ' s change in the search result requested by the previous media browser2 # search ( string , bundle ) .
create an instance of jaxbelement
returns the column info for the passed class name .
returns an array containing some validators in order to validate the
sets the member ' s logical timestamp .
delegates to server http request # get context path ( ) .
returns an operator that performs commit or rollback of a transaction .
sets a custom value formatter for all data sets this data object contains .
traverse the ocsp certificate .
executes a long work instances on a single node and verifies that it took enough time and executed on the expected node .
gets the right value or an alternate value , if the projected either is a left .
gets the units of this drug order
add the argument to the value of this integer .
sets data to be parsed by libflac .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , sensitivity currency , bond group and value .
runs the callable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .
sets the price that was traded , in decimal form .
create store lock checker with lock on a provided path if it exists and writable
the negative of absent is # contains .
saves the mu commander configuration .
setter for book modified property
if the class is unpackaged , return an empty string .
an resolved swap leg represents the same data as this leg , but with a complete schedule of dates defined using known amount payment period .
the meta - property for the index property .
returns a map of alias - > module for each imported module .
checks incremental command cancellation detection
adds an unqualified " exports dynamic private " directive to the declaration .
two pointers .
create and display the picture view .
obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .
set the barline that starts the part .
launch the tool .
brings the bind nodes in a correct order according to the dependencies that they have .
write the property name and values into a string buffer
creates an uninitialized hadoop format io . write .
called from task manager - creates a persistent receipt and updates the passed one w / the uuid
returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits
get data of type " text " from the client side data transfer object .
test that removing a column sets its width to zero .
builds a rollup column qualifier prefix , prepending the appender as a string along with a colon as delimiter
getting domain information in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
gets the contract type .
get client socket for connection .
first construct a map whose key is the endpoint in the gossip digest and the value is the
creates a new key inter object .
get a command locator that uses the service service locator mechanism to find providers by their service key .
note : you cannot delete a security group that is associated with any clusters .
gets a localized message string based on the locale determined by the
reads the specified file and returns the contents as a string .
returns token stream to tokenize a text .
rfc 2616 , section version defines comma as the separator for # token sequences .
create an instance of jaxbelement
split system . catalog at the given split point
it allows to test values from the elements in safer way than by using # extracting ( string ) , as it doesn ' t utilize introspection .
sets the class name remote service .
let the view group handler handle clearing attributes on a given component
user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .
obtains an instance based on a single mapping from index to volatility identifier .
receives a problem and a queue implementing the search strategy and computes a node referencing a goal state , if such a state was found .
gets the base name , minus the full path and extension , from a full filename .
if for a specific event , you add both the notification configuration on the vault and also specify an sns topic in your initiate job request , amazon glacier sends both notifications .
a file chooser for pcsi12 ( . p12 | . p12 ) files .
by default , the service returns no processing metrics .
if any offset in other is a less than or equal to an offset in this , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .
converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 characters .
indexes in - between the old size and the requested size are left with a placeholder that is replaced with a factory object when requested .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
like # default format relationship file header ( supplier ) with utc as the default time zone .
returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an array length in arrays .
returns the value of " server scheme " property in latke . properties , returns " " if not found .
sets the base section stroke .
to allow getting the item , return the library result with the library result # result _ code _ success and the media item .
returns the dynamic list used by this sortable list panel .
defaults to @ literal false .
- mutual trust exists between gateway and service - we must use the ` gateway2 ` cert not ` gateway ` .
returns the identifier of this action profile group .
create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type .
returns true if this tagged info has at least 1 comprises tag .
configures the wait duration which specifies how long the circuit breaker should stay open , before it switches to half open .
total runtime size is 1296 bytes
set stringwert .
caches numeric host names only .
security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security in a key - value map .
on the other hand , in the sentence " . . . which mr . bush was fighting for " , we should have pobj ( for , which ) .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied scheduler .
if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the reader schema that failed compatibility check .
returns the my site fragment from the sites tab
return the underlying rabbit template used for sending .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
called by media session2 stub # get library root ( imedia controller2 , bundle ) .
note : a data retrieval policy can cause your initiate retrieval job request to fail with a policy enforced exception exception .
also @ see future # accumulate ( collection x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a future with an error
executes all listeners plain # add added prior to this call , serially and in order .
adds a new tag for the specified namespaced entity id .
determine if the supplied class is an inner class .
sets a new shape renderer responsible for drawing this data set .
applies the optimization ( main entry point ) .
creates query for the given search pattern .
get qty issued .
this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ] , resource bundle ,
creates query for the given query string .
returns a list of classes which contain the @ deprecated annotation .
returns the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .
aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .
inserts or updates an external id .
trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .
if the divider character isn ' t found in the word , then the whole string becomes the word , and lemma and tag are .
examines the a file ' s first bytes and estimates the file ' s type .
this information is useful for implicit and safe casting .
construct a new member summary builder .
foreign call : snippet runtime # deopttest .
all the arrays must have the same number of elements in each array .
creates and starts a tailer for the given file .
initializing jersey client .
sets bcc addresses .
returns the object at the specified index , if there is one , or .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
creates an executor service object backed by a thread pool with a fixed number of threads . .
a candidate package name is derived from an entry using the characters up to , but not including , the last forward slash .
calculates the cash flow for a trading record .
if the compatibility is incompatible , returns the first part of the writer schema that failed compatibility check .
converting http and uris to their web socket equivalent
if autopsy is indeed running from command line , then use the command line startup window and kick off command line processing .
return a live zoo keeper connection .
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a string .
wrap type in class if using class = = true
get project type phases
test for reading paragraphs from range after replacing some text in this range .
returns true if this result represents a malformed - input error .
receives a view id info and returns the name of the view class that is implied by it .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this test ensures that the kudu io correctly respects parallelism by deserializes writers and that each writer is opening and closing kudu sessions .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
converts an observable into a promise , for the observable ' s single item .
sets the result variable .
removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified namespaced entity id .
uploads a file to a share using a multipart request containing a metadata part and a filedata part .
this method is used to add a new resource to the signed info .
sets the value of the crypt algorithm sid property .
returns instance manager relevant to current application .
sets the column criterion currently used to sort the table .
returns the cluster name uniquely identifying the hazelcast cluster .
ensure that # load subscriptions ( context ) was called to set up the manager .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
gets the value of the sid attribute of the conference - info element .
this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .
returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .
retrieve / build the crawlspecification for the given arguments .
returns the length of this path .
register the given dynamic jmx mbean .
verify access to a member , returning false if no access
gets the threshold parameter .
returns a lightweight , low - level parent axis iterator .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # blob http headers
this is a helper method intended to be called from get annotation mirror of contract annotation and get annotation mirror of meta annotation .
increment the count of all applied state updates by @ param num .
convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .
spark rest ( camel - spark - rest )
returns a comparator which can compare calendar events .
send request to the server with early blockwise negociation through block2 option .
add a series for a bubble type chart using using double arrays
create an instance of jaxbelement
tests that track selector will select audio tracks with higher bit - rate when other factors are the same , and tracks are within renderer ' s capabilities .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . set setting # string - string - string
key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .
starts a new process tracing span and attached context the event data object for users .
returns a new token stream which provides the same output as the original token stream .
returns the source map file from the most recent recompile .
returns an unmodifiable view of the status of all steps in this run .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
get a netty ssl context instance .
obtains an instance of offset time from an instant .
creates query for the given query string .
group : consumer
flat the linked hashmap of profiles into a list of profiles .
create a new node with the given child node commented .
dy repos can add and remove repos .
query this inventory for inventories matching the supplied property matcher .
returns the values for the specified parameter expected to be present in the http request .
construct a aggregation exceptions # type _ keep _ separate content provider operation .
configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
keys # armor _ stand _ marker
this helps live testing against specific zones only .
decode an action profile group with members information to a pi action group .
main method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .
backup previous stream env config and set batch configs .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
extract the first two version numbers from java . version ( e . g .
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
returns true if the current alluxio uri is a parent of another alluxio uri .
generates an instance of opened object for which the underlying stream may be re - opened and retried based on the exception and retry condition .
important : if the cancel requested flag returns true , a cancellation is being attempted .
see metric type .
get the scr service object associated with this instance of
comma separated list of parameters to pass to the scheduler
however if this property is used , the auto - detection is turned off .
sets the values .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
return the length of the quaternion ( the norm , the magnitude ) .
sets the ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .
configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
buffer strategy = = buffer strategy # blocking , shutdown consumers maybe cause blocking when producing .
tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path options ) method for creating a file .
gets the model id .
for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see
sets the default value for this option that will be used if the option is provided on command line without an explicit value .
helper method : turn an array of strings into a list of core labels todo : move elsewhere ?
generates a code sample for using share directory client # delete sub directory ( string )
to retrieve subsequent pages , make additional calls to poll for decision task using the next page token returned by the initial call .
converts an int int open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .
returns the specified font , but with the style ' s bold and italic flags applied .
unique metric name is in the format of a . b . c
registers a new sitemap entry .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
return a protobuf open ietriple from a relation triple .
returns whether this step specifies the given environment .
inserts a new outgoing text message .
executable process bundle descriptor # get multimap side input specs for the set of multimap side inputs that are contained .
kept for compatibility with native script .
return a self - configured monitored resource .
delete all dir trees under a given ' dir ' that don ' t start with one of a set of given ' prefixes ' .
sets the value of default user ( login or username ) .
handle action events for this component .
gets the set of successors for this state
decode the com . mongodb . dbobject and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object
returns an immutable copy of graph .
return the current starting address .
get a list of objects being traced by this object .
create an instance of jaxbelement
sets the location provider configuration .
adds a value that has been seen n times to the observed values
returns the lucene document with the given root path from the index .
important : this operation is vulnerable to exceeding the maximum url size when making a rest request using the http get method .
returns the value of the node as a string , or the specified undefined value if the node is undefined .
edits existing configuration schema .
sets content type of http request .
creates a for - comprehension of one iterable .
checks if the page matching page needs to be fetched .
removes the range between start and end from the given exception handlers .
this can be used to change any field , for example to set the hour - of - day .
the option is a :
delegates to the handler ' s to string ( ) .
timed invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection
this method always returns false if this method has no accelerator .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a number that encodes how contents of the arrangement are aligned horizontally .
gets the value of the ' ts ' field .
gets the specified message in the current locale .
return the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .
releases a netty channel to the channel pools .
sets the ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .
these deps have already been marked ( see skyframe hybrid globber ) but we need to properly handle some errors that legacy package loading can ' t handle gracefully .
a map from names which could be passed to describable model # clazz to types of allowable nested objects .
initialized from command # synopsis subcommands ( ) , " [ commands ] " by default .
sets the messaging address .
request sync for google accounts ( not include g + accounts ) in filter .
creates query for the given search string .
create client response filtering stage using the service locator .
returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and possibly empty ) set of modifiers .
generate an angle in the cb cr plane from the input string .
sets time interval between vacuum runs .
tests network buffer pool # request memory segments ( int ) , verifying it may be aborted and remains in a defined state even if the waiting is interrupted .
this sets up a pooling data source .
sets the connection state listener decorator .
checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not
this method behaves like create object from new class loader ( class loader . get system class loader ( ) ) .
once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .
returns the spawn action context that should be used to execute the given spawn .
jsonify string .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
execute given sql @ sql scripts .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .
sets the description .
this test uses some api hidden by the jdk9 module system .
the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .
permanently deletes the course from the datastore .
returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a point set region of a dataset .
as of spring framework version , once the bean instance has been resolved it will be cached , thereby avoiding repeated lookups in the bean factory .
if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to export package pn to the given module .
returns the categories assigned to the content ' s vfs resource .
checks if the given sequence number was marked as completed in this tracker .
default : true
returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java identifier .
return a hot stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .
get a new reference for to currently running request scope instance .
return the logger instance that will be used for logging .
list all $ model _ type records .
returns the complete size of the tree , including all expanded subtrees .
the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
inserts the list of config values note : overrides the existing list
builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
remove the entity key with the specified id and persister from the batch loadable entities batch fetch queue .
finds all annotations recusively for a class and its superclasses .
returns a path to access to the given resource .
note that both this , and polarity # negates truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false .
however , sensitive to the value possibly being a result wrapper , in which case it enqueues the set operation until the loadcontext is done .
gets the service synchronously .
only 1 = high priority , 2 = medium and 3 = low are allowed .
sets the connection id length .
todo : if an input result partition of an involved region is not available , i . e .
adds an actor as a child of this group , immediately before another child actor .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connection fail listener ) with only one listener .
finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .
fails silently if no such account .
provides transitive dependency artifacts only defined types based on types argument or all types if types argument is empty
returns the iso code , except when the alias " loc " is used .
returns the class path uris specified by the class - path manifest attribute , according to jar file specification .
applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .
if no jstype value is associated , returns unknown _ type .
returns the attr [ ] s to be output for the given element .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .
extracts the underlying quotes from the curve inputs instances and returns them in a map .
amazon redshift returns all hsm connections that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
get prepayment .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
unsubscribe from all channel and channel groups .
an array containing any patterns for the entity value .
test to make sure can successfully unmarshall a collection .
whether it gives you labeled or unlabeled bracketings depends on the value of the parameter
returns a function with the specified name and number of arguments .
configure binders in the instance manager and enable jax - rs features .
compiles the given file .
report the number of pixels of the interline that corresponds to this font .
create an instance of jaxbelement
gets the amount of outer iterations of sgd algorithm .
determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target user .
normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .
returns the location provider configuration .
this indicator says if - - interface parameter is visible .
sets the minimum session timeout .
ensures the subject being built will reflect the specified host address as its originating address .
show creator email address .
accordingly , it should not get the rule instance representing the rule whose dependencies are being calculated as an argument .
delegates to # handle error ( uri , http method , client http response , http status ) with the response status code .
standard setter for the leftwardlabel string in this relationship
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
gets the banner url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .
sets the repository that the services in the upgrade are current on .
setter for the training parameters of the feature selector .
collects properties name and values into map if they are present in the given config , returns empty map otherwise .
gets the object schema
appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf buf .
creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes , edges , and edge values .
this is important to understand the changing nature of the
tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .
reverts method # unsigned to twos complement ( byte [ ] ) .
helper for # remove ( long ) that copies all items into a tree seq .
get the location of cross reference for given file containing the current revision .
the timestamp for creation of the example .
returns coverage of branches of this instruction .
create a new word , where the label is formed from the passed in .
always returns null .
sets the given instruction as a predecessor of this instruction .
creates an audit entry for the ' service retired ' event .
creates new iso day of week in the utc timezone .
if artifact is referenced in reactor , returns path to $ project . build . output directory .
returns an abstract adapter for type .
execute an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an action listener .
if start index < this . series begin index the new time series will start with the first available bar of this time series .
if only public , module , package , and private access are allowed , the suffix is " / private " .
to match the node n the supplier must supply a label schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .
gets the classpath component containing the given class .
todo : if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved
computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .
this will set an equal offset for all sides
group : consumer
gets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field .
this method is just a wrapper around internal utils # symbol ( tree ) , but this class might be the first place someone looks for this functionality .
add behavior triggered after the mono terminates , either by completing downstream successfully or with an error .
invalidates a session .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
getting search suggestions in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
build one character run automaton matching any term the query might match .
so if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .
creates an exception from an service id .
resolves installed library dependencies
go through the timestamps stored in the # to notify queue and send the timer events for the expired events .
get the log lines that contain the unique string decorator string .
the what supplies the message that describes the member .
returns the name of the table to copy data from in case of an complex update .
the context associated with a closure instance .
assigns the specified type and result size .
the method call will block ( not return ) until a stanza is available or the timeout has elapsed .
tests the specifying heap memory with config default value for job manager and task manager .
nguyen - widrow randomizer with a range between - 1 and 1 .
cancel events are never emitted .
trailing empty strings are therefore not included in the resulting array .
unwraps a given connection provider if necessary
gets the amount of available items in the network of the type passed in , checking nbt or not .
server builder . service ( service with routes ) to mount all service paths without interfering with other services .
the default implementation delegates to # process ( base event ) and will :
the ec key create options parameter is required .
this is currently accomplished by calling map maker # make map ( ) .
for selection order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
you can also use the optional archive description field to specify how the archive is referred to in an external index of archives , such as you might create in amazon
create a time pair inter object from its two halves .
builds an intent for starting all downloads .
the poller poller allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .
shortcut for # create ( string , string , model type , string , boolean )
configure a sp el expression to evaluate a command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .
calls plugin # will declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins
if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .
initializes the properties with the default configuration for the command - line tool .
set the time in ms this object was last used .
calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .
gets the current data source from this data communicator .
update a message digest with the content of a context .
for data policies not supported by management rest api ( for example , normal and preloaded ) it will show as unsupported
returns an rx java observable that monitors changes to this realm object .
returns the quorum name for lock operations .
returns the o auth consumer with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .
the children will be ordered from bottom to top rather than the default top to bottom .
tokenizes the specified input and returns distinct tokens .
adds the given item stack to the player ' s inventory , or drops it in front of them if it was not accepted
clear updates not committed in the session
use # make naive matrix ( ) if you want to perform further updates .
if no cache is configured or there is an error while querying the cache , false is returned none the less .
create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .
gets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .
the key create options # get expires ( ) expires and
rs pretty json can conform to equals and hash code contract .
create an instance of jaxbelement
perform an answer merge without explanation nb : assumes answers are compatible ( concept corresponding to join vars if any are the same )
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
checks if the given user exists in the current tenant
should subscriptions be considered part of a group even if using a unicast endpoint , should it be considered an individual even if using a multicast endpoint , or should the use of a unicast / multicast endpoint infer the usage .
set the value of url used to locate the database for this datasource .
tests the functionality of copy to .
send a list of update to downstream kafka topic
| lhs pattern bind consequence invocation ? )
see instance selector # select ( int )
one or more of the custom model ' s audio resources is invalid .
dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if " request ip " is incorrect , or is on the wrong network
this will trigger the creation of the player , the listener registration , the start of the action schedule , and the preparation of the player with the provided media source .
like # to ( class ) but updates an existing object instead of creating a new instance .
the copy doesn ' t have access to a dataset .
returns an immutable map containing five mappings .
adds 25 more results to existing search results
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete setting with response # configuration setting - boolean - context
get the name of the type that should be used in context .
gets the type instance for the given id .
also includes db : output ( ) and fn : put ( ) .
set the date that this token expires
adds the specified column which will not be serialized .
get branding settings # # # functional description : dracoon branding configuration entry point .
when no implementation is available , set state has no effect .
reject late events that arrive more than millis after window end after the end of its window .
if the worker finds that the task is canceled through the canceled flag returned by
if the set etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .
given a pattern , which contains one or more capturing groups , and a string , returns a list with the values of the captured groups in the pattern .
note : this operation is only useful for long - lived activities to report liveliness of the task and to determine if a cancellation is being attempted .
gets on tier percentage .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
tests that the acetylation file can get downloaded and parsed
string representation of what sort of file path is .
manually configure the resource mappings .
the default implementation skips and maps around deleted documents , and calls # write ( fields ) .
returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .
integers 0 . . . n .
register a record reader .
the functions can assume their input is never be null nor optional .
sort the points by x asc , y asc .
resolves a collection of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .
encodes the form using the standard uri encoding mechanism and the utf - 8 character set .
handshake will be non - null and throwable will be null in the case of a successful tls connection .
create a new data source from a cursor of events .
generic setter for the virtual metadata popular configuration property of this class
re - initializes this listener container ' s shared connection and its sessions and consumers .
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from
additionally , amazon glacier also checks for any missing content ranges when assembling the archive , if missing content ranges are found , amazon glacier returns an error and the operation fails .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
this method effectively emulates the java script cast function except it returns unknown for known values with side - effects , use get impure boolean value if you don ' t care about side - effects .
to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block and put block list .
sets the servers resolved by name resolution .
we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest running spawn runner name across all phases if it exists .
get the list of git markers web - elements in the editor
set is manual import .
construct an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )
execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the test engine with the provided id .
returns the object with the settings used for calls to label audio .
blocks until all processes are stopped .
set - up database .
object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .
create a connection creator for short - lived connections .
creates and returns a new titan vertex property for the given key on this vertex with the specified object being the value .
converts an entity to a dbobject
returns the title , or null if none is set
returns " true " if the provided crawl uri has an http method with a status code that falls within this instance ' s specified range .
the total time is calculated using the total count , since this is a built - in correspondence in the simplified log scenario .
note that validation type will be ignored for child context .
we check if there is a registered comparator for all the interfaces if clazz
if not explicitly configured , this is the default value of checkpointing options # fs _ buffer _ size .
checks if caching was enabled for at least one document .
convenience method to get custom install file
filters the sql commands if necessary .
retrn the list of members for the given class .
now this iteration ends , we ' ve covered target with 1 interval , so the count increments by 1 .
updates a module m to export a package to all modules .
getter of publication date max .
tests that is assignable to and from .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .
set the number of digits in the fractional part of a size .
check if cert constraint parameters has a trusted match , if it does call next ( ) for any following constraints .
resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , and with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .
if the prefetch is not needed , # play from media id can be directly called without this method .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
submits a result of a broker execution .
returns a random local port number , greater than min and lower than max .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
iterate over registered handler method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
after this method is called , no accumulo client will work in the current classloader .
waits during timeout until specified element does not contain the specified expected text .
choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json
recursively get path in top down ancestral order .
simply calls through to the transaction representation # accept ( visitor ) method for each
returns true if the given name is a legal binary name .
set the date that this token was created
publish config mapped to the given key under the # default _ group default group
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # string
the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .
we need to resend our first message with our conn _ id
returns the component ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .
the value is a double ( ie version ) that needs to be formatted as a percentage with two decimal places precision .
during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .
create optimized insert value .
cookie data is signed it using .
gets the convention of the swap for which the data is valid .
sort cookies with respect to their path : those with more specific path attributes precede those with less specific , as defined in rfc 2965 sec .
process double drops & xp gain for mining .
tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha256 algorithm .
test of local method , of class abitracer .
creates a speculation reason that is part of this group .
creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory and assumes the default _ update _ seed .
sets the query i use to # validate object validate connections .
returns true if field session key is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
todo : if a region is involved , all of its consumer regions are involved
if whitelisted properties list is defined , only those props are visible for ja vers , and the rest is ignored .
then , return a to scan the code and find the text to replace the placeholder .
broadcasts string message to all participants over default data channel .
triangulate n views using the discrete linear transform ( dlt )
assigns the actor type .
returns an immutable map that is backed by the given cconfiguration .
work - around for bug in java . net . uri ( )
get group by .
returns a new reference to the function with the given name and arity .
returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .
sets a custom legend ' s labels and colors arrays .
this includes not just the resources defined in this module , but in any other modules that this module depends on , as well as any libraries those modules may depend on ( such as appcompat ) .
returns all pending tasks that are still not completed .
integers 0 . . . n .
ie system , hosts , partitions
gets the example text .
see jdk . internal . org . objectweb . asm . class visitor # visit module ( string , int ) .
returns the plain # descendants ( ) descendant stream filtered by child type .
run all tests with given executor .
returns the members of this action profile group .
when accessing right , level value increments by 1 .
accumulate lefts into a linked list x ( extended persistent list ) and right with the supplied combiner function
getter parameter value for bank account from id
note that a mutable integer isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an integer .
registers a custom property comparator for a given custom type .
for example , if the entire chart area is visible , this is simply the current size of # content rect minus all margins .
adds the given certificate to the certificate store , if not yet containing .
creates a new program scope : the list of methods .
queries this contact source for the given search string .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
copied from org . mortbay . log . std err log .
validation of page : - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error
converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii 0 and 1 characters .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using modify dbparameter group .
stores a user and encrypted password .
generates a meta object protocol method , that is used to call a non public method , or to make a call to super .
removes the specified tags from the namespaced entity id
returns the annotation mirror as specified by the " qualifier " element in qualifier anno .
returns a boolean value indicating whether the method is executed in the first tier truffle compilation .
if the value isn ' t a uri , then a illegal argument exception will be thrown .
runs the command with the given args .
schedules package actions differentiating their type among linux and solaris servers .
returns a curve node for a cds quoted in par spread or quoted spread .
set the value of status after , used in parameter comment .
map an o . s . message to an o . s . a . core . message .
this method should be called after acquiring the retention lock ; see # acquire history retention lock ( engine . history source )
flatten the list of values of the given keys from the actual map under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .
returns true if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .
load a job directory manifest from a agent manifest message .
a failure to parse will return noop dns server address stream provider .
get allocated .
the classpath .
get the sql @ sql annotations declared on the supplied annotated element .
removes a flag from the specified array .
note that the columns # name column ' s width will be ignored , as it depends on the frame ' s initial dimensions .
map treatment to set _ vlan action .
tries to return a valid os version on windows systems .
note : by default this registers the dao to be associated with the class that it uses .
web element # get attribute ( string ) equals to provided expected value .
other arguments are parsed to a configuration and passed to the
group : common
finds all constraint annotations defined for the given class and returns them in a list of constraint descriptors .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the scr service object for this scr action support instance .
this is normally true , except when scanning is hosted in a different service .
returns the value of the bitfield field .
sends the specified sequence number to the channel .
return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . delete certificate with response # string - context
close and free all prepared statements or callable statements from the pool , and close the underlying connection .
returns the secondary parents of this property map , for interfaces that need multiple inheritance .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this exception is caught here and reported through the event handler .
this operation is required only for organizations that were created explicitly in billing mode , or that were migrated from a consolidated billing account family to organizations .
returns true and initiates a reconfiguration if a current one is not going
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a listenable future for an open connection corresponding to the given id .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
parse exception is thrown by the parser , it should be caught and returned in the input row plus raw so we will be able to provide information on the raw row which failed to be parsed .
this method will also expand paths on the members of collections .
this is why there is not a set method for the category property .
tests that dataset service impl # insert all retries quota rate limited attempts .
get record id .
get branding info # # # functional description : provides information about branding settings .
test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a non - null value .
reading request by chunk and getting values from chunk
code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,
true if the type is a jso or interface implemented by a jso , or a js type .
creates a negotiator used for alts .
for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the
this should be the string representation of the field entity .
note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data immediately .
get extern keyword snippet block .
returns a rule that forbids access to the given set of ip addresses .
test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property .
decode the jvm options 1 . strip \ " at the start and at the end 2 . replace " & equals " with " = " 3 .
test of var method , of class beta .
the key create options is required .
and repository id = ? .
create a list of file media item2 for testing purpose .
# # #  further information : room administrators should regularly handle pending assignments to provide access to rooms for other users .
configure whether or not to use an empty oauth token for oauth1
parses basic2 dmatrix from the given matrix market string .
this method adds additional iteration listener to existing listeners
test of var method , of class tdistribution .
unless overridden by this method , the default cipher instance is a blowfish cipher .
throwable will be null in the case of a successful attempt to send the body .
for the ` / v1 / tables ` method , the default is ` tables ` .
creates and caches a test base event instance for the scope of the current test method .
you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .
this method removes any fully qualified throwable class names from the message cause chain .
the camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .
this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .
commonly important status information .
finds a preference based on its key .
immutable set immutable set . copy of ( collection ) to set the property ?
returns the value of a yes / no option .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns the highest solid ' terrain ' block which can occur naturally .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
execute the alter class .
instead , it returns deleted inodes so that their blocks can be deleted after the inode deletion journal entry has been written .
this method overwrites existing fields added with # field ( string , type information ) .
cancels the task of loading and displaying image for incoming image view .
sets the raft state machine factory .
returns the frame percentage .
set name of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace .
create an instance of jaxbelement
this method will return true if the version stored in the file matches the supplied string version .
write the task state to the provisioner store , retrying if any exception is caught .
applies the optimization ( main entry point ) .
for each network interface , create a listening thread using # _ executor service
this method could be used in the method .
returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the
override the debug warn logging level
builder . new requires ( mods , mn ) ;
get the value of username .
completes cs with any additional changes from its topics
returns the java type of the proto fields helper class generated for a corresponding proto type that has a custom adapter .
build a prepared statement creator based on the given sql and named parameters .
tests that a configuration is able to be retrieved when it exists , whether or not it is locked .
set the web socket sub - protocols supported by the server .
returns true if there ' s another route to attempt .
creates a preprocessed graph for a snippet or method substitution .
tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a directory .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
use # on submit after form ( ajax request target , form ) instead .
the item is removed from the collection mapped to the specified key .
returns an offset time formed from this time and the specified offset .
required for cron or delay
that is , leaving endpoints are not included in the copy .
checks the dirty status of the ' batch id ' field .
returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed dependencies via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .
the fetcher should something as it falls back to chimbori
paints split button .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
this method may be called after # start server ( ) to ( re - ) set the script evaluation timeout in the running server .
use command spec # set interpolate variables ( boolean ) to switch off variable expansion if needed .
test of npara method , of class exponential .
returns the public keys or null for none .
set the file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .
create an instance of jaxbelement
this method will attempt to load the cluster defaults and update the configuration if necessary .
setter parameter value for file name
dhcp server should send dhcpnak message to client if " request ip " is incorrect , or is on the wrong network
checks if device connected or connecting to wifi network .
returns true if field target thread name list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
loads a new module from the class path and defers scanning associated directories for resources .
validate ssl context is configured properly .
note that this method will only return a non - null value code if the has been set .
it creates a topic using kafka producer .
returns a wrapped instance of client connection request to capture the necessary performance metrics .
adds all database providers , and starts initialization of our services .
the method , which is invoked on implementing subclasses in order to create the view recycler adapter , which allows to inflate the child views , which are associated with tabs .
removes the specified object from the list of registered configuration listeners .
work - around for bug in java . net . uri ( )
see class visitor # visit module ( string , int ) .
create from a given numpy . npy file .
set the given conditional - get header , if the setting is enabled and a suitable value is available in the uri history .
sets e guardian user id .
register a module this this class loader .
sets the # username .
code snippets for page blob client # upload pages with response ( page range , input stream , page blob request conditions ,
path parameter : path ( required )
make sure to keep # database field and map synchronized .
gets an object in the value at position .
saves attachment to output stream .
decodes a byte array where each char represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .
this is the price agreed when the trade occurred .
the context of the initiator or null if not running .
throws configuration exception if given group property is defined within hazelcast properties .
note : you cannot delete a cache security group if it is associated with any cache clusters .
returns a new queue of given size containing consecutive pdelays 0 . . . n .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if two ranges overlap , this range or the other range strictly contains the begin or the end of the other range .
run search result # parallel combine active ( collection , func1 ) if there is at least one active connector in connectors , and throw no connector exception otherwise .
returns true to indicate that we can paint a representation of the
invoke builder . conceals ( string pn )
to use a custom class loader , set class loader ( ) must be called prior to calling this method .
any metadata related to the value .
returns the textual representations of the running issues ( java version and dependency ) , if any .
parses dense matrix from the given matrix market string .
get distinct select items .
probably you want # get offset in section ( ) .
returns the s v n repository with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .
for further information please read the javadoc on component # can call listener interface ( ) , this method has the same semantics .
logs collection , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if contains .
gets the value of the ' zk _ quorum ' field .
returns the event index .
generate a new ldap connection object for following a referral with the given ldap url , and copy the username and password from the original connection .
returns whether this is a required option or positional parameter .
test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .
returns the subset of nodes that are in a given state
returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
this function assumes the block at the given index is cached for the given size .
adapts a list instance .
closes a session .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
returns a list of conditional cards eligible for display .
log of the gamma function .
only return objects changed since this time .
returns the path of the data plane private key file , if this is set with the ' data plane private key file ' property .
replaces the request associated with this context with the specified one without any validation .
additional action , this method returns false and updates the error list when the additonal action auth parameter is set to false .
important : after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .
close the current packet reader .
produces canonical attribute representation by stripping an unnecessary " this . "
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
gets ports .
create an instance of jaxbelement
this is the price agreed when the trade occurred .
in the database , the task would likely have a past start date ( i . e .
compute crc over the frame ' s payload .
the activity counters are reset after restarting iri .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
initializes the specified input .
turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data
return a pausable hot stream that will skip emitting data when the first connecting stream connects .
create an instance of jaxbelement
resets any management pack installation states from repository version state # installing to repository version state # install _ failed .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .
this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .
this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project type
binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host .
returns a song randomly selected from all the songs in the android
if labels = " abc , def " , settings with labels " abc " or " def " are returned .
initializes this . voices .
returns true when no response is expected .
returns all subclusters of this cluster .
validate metadata tags and return whether any properties are present .
returns the o auth token with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .
find all geodatabases from all the downloaded map areas , unregister them then recreate temporary data folder .
return the possible corrections or null .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
use reflection to get the value of variable name from obj .
merge given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .
inflates the child view of a tab and adds it to the view hierarchy .
map invokedynamic method name to the new name .
factory method that returns an instance of this class populated from metrics we expect the keys that we are looking there ' s no explicit type checked object which guarantees that we have a specific type of metrics
sort the feed items in the queue with the given permutor .
name of schedule
check if the account is empty ( no roles , no groups , no users ) .
1 ) check that there are object _ num number of objects in the smrmap .
sets the value of the value property .
retrieve double values from disk ( gh - 1206 ) .
calls # set query ( query , query listen options , class ) with the default
configure a ssl config for the jmx using the legacy configuration
resolves a collection of root modules , with this configuration as its parent , to create a new configuration .
default implementation using metric dao , dataset dao , and query cache
sets the bootstrap member locations .
get the enum corresponding to the given file size .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
opens an input stream for reading the named entry of the given section in this jmod file .
set up notification manager to show download progress .
finds the parent binder type in the supplied set , if any .
also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .
wraps java method and repeat creation several time if something fail .
optimizes a function that returns an empty sequence when the first argument is empty .
get the file content disposition property : sets the file ' s
returns true if this lookup has private access .
creates a new data source using the specified template .
returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a dataset
in the case where there ' s no api key the id will contain service org id + service id + service version
default implementation returns session result # result _ code _ not _ supported .
returns if this maps the specified column .
returns a rule that limits the number of concurrent requests by request ' s host domain .
can this user delete this change or any patch set of this change ?
the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the caller class is gc ' ed / unloaded .
store the specified realm properties and child ( realm )
we can divide the tree nodes into rows and columns , like a table .
there must be exactly one snippet method in declaring class .
the address should be parseable by inet address # get all by name ( string ) .
assert that the test subscriber received a fuseabe queue subscription and is in the given fusion mode .
time difference ms can be negative but it ' s absolute value must not be larger than current window " after " value ( which would result in a negative window size ) .
creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode .
update the record ' s sequence number .
sets a condition when the provided mock ( or other matchers ) is not satisfied based on exchange being sent to it when they are received .
returns completed style id for the child style .
sets the sort orders to use with backend sorting .
any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other
saves the changed / deleted entities .
parse a csv into a list of imported grade objects .
generates an in - memory key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .
this field will be ignored when inserting a url map .
returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .
converts this template into an argument type validator .
aurora on amazon rds in the amazon rds user guide .
get the extern item object associated with this package name .
destroys all the keys created during this test run .
test of set params method , of class perf mon agent connector .
checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal qualified class name .
returns the write result that caused the exception .
note that the order of extracted property / field values is consistent with the iteration order of the array under test .
keys # got _ fish
input : ( path , following _ symlinks )
adds entries with theirs history to partition p .
shifts the focus to the next element .
creates a constraint summing weights given by a set of indices : sumweights [ i - offset ] | i in indices = sum
return the buffer that apply history ddl is written to .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . file client . start copy # string - map
load a single component by adding all its classpath entries to the classloader
remove select events , do so via # remove event ( base event ) .
does this time interval contain the specified millisecond instant .
converts this pojo to a work status .
generates view from tiles with render layer # top .
important : only use this operation if the canceled flag of a
returns partition counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .
execute the tasks concurrently using threads when executor service was initiated by someone else .
returns the som map grid .
re - create the fragment adapter so all its fragments are also re - created - used when user signs in / out so the fragments reflect the active account
snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key with response # byte - context
sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .
list a specified feedback entry .
test of set metric type method , of class new agent connector .
removes the extension from a filename .
attempts to read data from the given data holder and fills the associated data onto this mutable .
thus , we go a - fishing in the action graph reaching through error propagating middlemen : one of these exists for each
code snippets for blob client base # download with response ( output stream , blob range , reliable download options ,
throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to send the body .
returns gap between split icon and split part sides .
delete file system node # # # functional description : delete node ( room , folder , file ) .
returns an immutable view of a given list .
method return current instance of browser mob proxy
main is the entry point to execute high level ofbiz commands such as starting , stopping or checking the status of the server .
returns a tracked device pose view of the standing tracked device pose field .
checks the dirty status of the ' prev signature ' field .
listen for web socket with the given route predicate to invoke the matching handlers
returns the number of open sessions on this connection , if the connection has been established .
create a new map consisting of a single key / value pair .
implements get configuration .
takes vector of protocol configurations , iterates through it , creates protocol for each protocol configuration and returns all protocols in a vector .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
creates an fx swap using forward points .
returns the base value of the given property .
adopt the return type and size from the specified expression to this expression .
given the current case , fins all intercase common files from the eam db and builds maps of obj id to md5 and case .
returns the . async iface or . iface implementation .
this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .
returns the index of the passed media id in the current media list
returns the new value of the event source .
files that are not in the given directory are loaded from classpath .
this method arranges all the scheduled trial trials to run according to their scheduling criteria .
sets the value of the ' value type ' field
get percentage .
returns an abstract type instance that is equivalent to this one , but with all nested udts explicitly frozen and all collections in udts explicitly frozen .
keep the connection open if we are asked to do so .
gets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field .
after that all entries will be inserted into a new bib database .
estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery
this is useful in situations when it is necessary to access an instance variable that is out of scope .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the default sslhost config name .
get certain partition - level histograms based on given arguments .
default is 3600 sec = 24h
sets the quorum name for operations .
the indices of this time series and the new subset time series can be different .
decode an action profile member to pi action group member .
casts the date time to @ chrono zoned date time impl with the same chronology .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns the entity id of the entity who emit this message .
standard getter for the rightward label string for this relationship type
" skolemize " : blank node to iri else return node unchanged .
set verarbeitet .
this will set the margin between the annotations " outer " rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .
creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .
a voice cannot migrate from one part to another , but may migrate from one staff to another under some conditions .
applies the optimization to all subqueries .
deletes the running state from the remote runtime dataset .
get key column name with consideration of synonym
get search key .
initialize the event tracker ' s timer task .
returns the next character .
extend the path by appending two child number objects .
find or create the best name to use for a parameter we need to rewrite .
get the hadoop / spark application id from the job log .
both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .
returns true if the package contain the target class has been opened for illegal access .
test of get method , of class lru cache .
to match the node n the supplier must supply a label schema descriptor d , such that n has the label of d , and values for all the properties of d .
note , however , that after the multipart upload completes , you cannot call the list parts operation and the multipart upload will not appear in
decorates services whose route matches the specified route .
get the agg call correspond to the aggregate expression .
/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpprofile / : host - port / : timeout - > dump profile .
send a command to python , and wait for a response prompt , returning all accumulated output since the last call to either or
get instance manager .
attaches an application created from a wadl description document available at a given uri reference .
returns concatenated uid for a period in a child timeline .
get the service locator .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
tests for the base file system # set attribute ( alluxio uri , set attribute options ) method .
creates job spec from the avro job spec record .
decorates services whose route matches the specified path pattern .
if no pool exists , throw an exception .
registers a new listener with the specified activation method to listen events generated by this component .
answer the ( alleged most - specific ) type of the object that could not be constructed .
create and display the picture view .
decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0
note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block
returns a path to access to the given resource .
this will set the margin between the annotations " outer " rectangle defined by / rect and the boundaries of the underlying caret .
sets the value of the ' public port ' field .
submits a request to cache the given block id .
gets the example text .
acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .
each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .
sets the event listeners this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .
this method always returns true when invoked on an unnamed module .
gets exception name .
for transforms returned via get data _ frame / transforms , see the transport get transform action
uninstalls split button mouseover listener .
string values used to compile the uri for a discord request .
return the list of visible constant fields for the given type element .
the returned cursor will also be managed through the means of # managed cursor ( cursor , cursor context )
integration testing without a server targeting the given http handler .
does not check if feedback session exists .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
adds word count app as system artifact which can be used as parent artifact for testing purpose
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local date time .
adds a warning message to the message set .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
sets the overwrite .
try to connect the orphan slurs at the beginning of this part with the orphan slurs at the end of the provided preceding part .
fixme does not use [ from time , to time , or period ] .
tests the creation of a file via the base file system # create file ( alluxio uri , create file options ) method .
this method must be invoked for each cache that uses protobuf .
need hibernate to be initialized .
measures the performance of string dictionary lookups by performing the provided number of lookups to random indices .
rsa key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .
accept ( case - sensitively ) the given phrases even though they are not in the built - in dictionary .
creates an iterator for the specified decimal .
gets the node type .
get authentication settings # # # functional description : dracoon authentication configuration entry point .
recursively traverse the coder tree and wrap the first unknown coder in every branch with a length prefix coder unless an ancestor coder is itself a length prefix coder .
a semigroup for binary products .
test proxy implementing interfaces in a layer defined in an unnamed module
checks whether two filenames are equal exactly .
the subtraction of a duration is always absolute and zone - resolvers are not required .
note : the specified db security group must not be associated with any db instances .
returns an immutable list containing two elements .
if we didn ' t write any indexers and there is a root glide module , write the
gets the value of the ' zk _ quorum ' field
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of standalone context aware manager factory .
custom comparators are used by diff algorithm to calculate property - to - property diff .
initializes the database context , based on the initial servlet context .
user / group may look up files / folders in the recycle bin .
parses row major sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .
this recursive method follows the control flow graph to find all the blocks that are reachable from the current block without following any jsr target .
tests if the specified is newer than the specified time reference .
builds a graphite reporter with the given properties , sending metrics using the given graphite client .
draws the value of the given entry by using the provided value formatter .
returns a random temporary name for the specified database .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
normally tasks are executed in different thread from the one creating it and at a different time .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .
if object " a " is unregistered , b , c also must get unregistered .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
optionally return metrics that this component reports , or null .
if any field binding validator fails , no values are saved and is returned .
id of the room in which the individual rooms for users will be created .
waits during timeout until specified element contains the specified expected text .
renders and displays the child view of a tab .
create a new transaction status for the given arguments , also initializing transaction synchronization as appropriate .
extracts the google . rpc . status from trailers , and makes sure they match the g rpc status .
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . create issuer # string - string
conditionally update the # service table iff it does not exist or is empty .
@ param value the value to set .
get the edu . stanford . nlp . international . languages . language object corresponding to the given language string .
log of factorial of n
validate metadata properties and return whether any properties are present .
runs the command with the given args .
helper method for validate thread local method , runs recursively
checks a filename to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher , always testing case - sensitive .
test edge ngram filter factory
calls plugin # will declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) on all the bundled plugins
get prepayment .
sets the value of the ' zk _ quorum ' field
sets a metadata property for the specified namespaced entity id .
create a new builder for creating retrofit implementations .
takes a batch of tasks from the queue and processes them .
amazon redshift sources belonging to your aws account .
sets the digest algorithm - currently only sha and ripemd160 is supported .
at present this only tries to avoid adding a straight quote to a sentence when it doesn ' t plausibly go there and should go with the next sentence .
validate that the key is not reserved metadata dataset # tags _ key .
remote start and stop for every test , or once for the entire test suite of tests .
use # process keys with existing mapping ( com . intellij . util . processor ) to process only keys with existing mappings
the persister for the # get entity entity .
decimal modulus involves at least one decimal operand and requires both operands to have exact numeric types .
represent a zone with a fake email .
whether to group the rest resources together .
create an instance of jaxbelement
provider - person - names ( that are not voided )
retrieves the permission of the given type associated with the given user , if it exists .
please delete the existing keypair first .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .
returns the special directory object corresponding to the given file , creating it and its parents as needed .
returns an immutable map containing keys and values extracted from the given entries .
create a lazy persistent queue x from a stream
there must be exactly one bd # search predicate .
load the given library with the specified java . lang . class loader
gets policy for resource set .
no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison .
create item cosmos sync item response .
waits until web element which defined by element does not contain the specified expected text .
sets the parameters .
also , appropriate directory permissions ( 777 + sticky bit , namely " drwxrwxrwt " ) are set .
obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .
returns if this serial date is within the specified range ( inclusive ) .
returns the serialize properties indicator parsed from the annotation value .
if the headsign is all caps , it will be converted to title case ( is all caps ) , otherwise the returned string will match the input .
creates a module reference to an exploded module .
convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .
for not good inters ( such ' weak ' inters have already survived the first reduction step ) we put them aside as optional glyphs that can take part of the symbols glyphs clustering and thus compete for valuable compounds .
returns the annotation mirror as specified by the " qualifier " element in meta anno , with arguments taken from argument anno .
same as # test module with work queue ( key factory , optional ) but with default task store and key factory .
tests for contact editor utils # should show account changed notification ( ) , starting with 1 accounts .
returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset
creates a list of component building definition built on copies of # base definition builder .
this method extracts a registered base relay forwarder rpc from the dispatcher .
removes the specified properties of the namespaced entity id .
paste the swatch data
note : no will be instantiated by this method .
wraps an iterator as a stream .
the noop negotiator should be used to do ircv3 negotiation but not set up anything at that moment .
adds an unqualified " exports dynamic private " directive to the declaration .
find all matching tuples - a slot of node id . node id any ( or null ) means match any
this is only possible if the javax . script . script engine implementation implements javax . script . compilable .
returns current iseeding strategy .
trust all certificates and add them to the # client _ certs _ list .
predict a sequence of steps output states for the given hmm model using the given seed for probabilistic experiments
returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .
returns the member logical timestamp .
creates a course and an instructor for it .
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
binds the specified service at the specified path pattern of the default virtual host .
searches for a shared key credential in the passed http pipeline .
this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list setting revisions # setting selector - context
test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a null value .
the async callback to use when the execution of the action wrapped by this object is completed .
returns the correct io . netty . channel . socket . server socket channel class based on channel type .
a return type signature represents the return value from a method .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
this property is not returned if the dialog node has no previous sibling .
run the standalone zoo keeper process and the job .
tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play
removes all properties for the specified namespaced entity id .
enables full - control mode in an organization .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
check the duration as computed in this measure from its contained voices , compared to its theoretical duration .
set nominalmenge in preiseinheit .
adds a filter query .
creates a valid aggregate operation .
returns true if the given instruction belongs to this list .
whether this codec is capable of encoding the given java type .
this will return the key key with key material included of its latest version .
this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s .
gets whether the user can sort this column or not .
the returned language supplier is intended to be cached in the currently adopted ast .
amalgamate all post - construct callbacks and return a read only list
returns the folder with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
computes the coverage percentage for a given metric , over a subset of the available source files .
maps all index descriptors according to # index reference ( index descriptor ) .
use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api
if more than one private key is present , the key that is returned is undefined .
return the resource mappings , either manually configured or auto - detected when the spring application context is refreshed .
return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .
for integration testing allows to prime the environment via provided configuration .
returns the last asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?
get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject .
sets the configuration resolver for the saml filter chain .
integers 0 . . . n .
try to find a constructor declaration by its parameters types .
test the case with blob _ not _ found errors from most servers , and blob _ deleted at just one server .
name space symb table ) , whereas it takes into account that subtree - c14n is - - well - - subtree - based .
returns the node representing the element type of the array .
computes the price of a domestic cash digital option using the call spread approximation
created a new rx instrumenter .
called when gui design has changed .
test for array builder # append ( array ) .
sets the current end icon to be visible or invisible .
build mongo template mongo template .
determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .
returns the response object with list of dhcp servers without counters .
search for visual studio link . exe search order is : vs2013 , vs2015 , vs2012 .
generates a code sample for using share directory client # create sub directory ( string )
in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned .
the given firmware uid represents the uid of the latest updatable firmware for the thing .
waits until the system . current time millis ( ) results has changed .
add a server to the known list of servers .
returns size of the allocated memory used to store pixels of this object .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
invoked when the future is completed , it must cleanup all task related to this collector .
sets the identifier of the transaction .
if the requested index is greater than the current size , the list will grow to the new size and a new object will be returned from the factory .
main method to invoke this demo about how to detect language of a text input .
check whether the class declares a @ literal copy method or @ literal copy method with parameter defaulting .
during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 ) .
clears all the mount points .
code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders ( blob http headers )
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of offset date time .
since the rule to be excluded doesn ' t exist , there should be warning about that as well .
returns the number of sync d l objects where parent folder id = ? .
returns uri of image which is loading at this moment into passed image view
code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders ( blob http headers )
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
returns the class name local service .
replace the current expression with a given multi - expression and mark the method as modified .
check that we boot successfully when the elasticsearch dialect is configured explicitly , and that the elasticsearch client starts in the second phase of bootstrap in that case .
usefull when you know , that there should be js val or something at the stage
finds all under file system factory from the lib directory and caches .
return a collection state predicate that returns true if a collection has the expected number of active shards and active replicas
return that one rdfnode or null throw exception if more than one .
get name of the cosmos db mongo db database .
test of var method , of class negative binomial distribution .
this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , optional , optional , featurizer ) .
thus 31st january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .
creates query for the given query string .
the subscription will only send notifications for those error events in the availability and backup categories for the specified clusters .
a query parameter is defined by using the expression ' s parameter ( _ name : string ) function .
calculates maximum - nulls are handled as zeros .
upsampling size
sets the jdbc driver class name .
all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .
return the failed hash so the client can correlate replies with requests
run eri c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .
creates the full tree of nodes for the provided files / symlinks and returns the root node .
this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .
test of npara method , of class weibull distribution .
updates the account .
group : consumer
prepare a pooled http client .
test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property with semicolon .
creates a histogram of the given arguments
r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .
note that this performs chains construction but wil not inject mule context or flow construct or perform any lifecycle .
basically , this method runs the following instructions :
for a list of the event categories and source types , go to
creates an uri based on the redis uri .
[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .
if # ignore _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the integer range , then that bound is set to the bound of the integer range .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
initializes a new instance id for the given container element .
this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given
note : you cannot authorize ingress from an amazon ec2 security group in one region to an elasti cache cluster in another region .
returns true if field exec time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
gets dockerfile file name of this github url
overrides the state changed to determine if the state is new or changed and then to call the # _ wrapped callback if it has
returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .
resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .
if any offset in this is a less than or equal to an offset in other , then that offset is an offset for the array in lub .
add tapi topology to dcs store .
scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service trusts gateway via ca
updates a module ' s structure when the user selects a build variant from the tool window .
the default implementation returns attribute factory # default _ attribute _ factory .
adds one more acceptable indentation level .
this method generates the set of error parameters from an base event to use on the error response function .
time ( in ms ) of last received append position .
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get issuer # issuer properties
create a instance manager .
wraps the given object if necessary .
creates a new file iochannel . id in one of the temp directories .
returns an input row plus raw object containing the input row plus the raw , unparsed data corresponding to the next row available .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
fetches the configuration settings that match the options .
same as # is any pipeline config set ( ) , but blocks execution .
setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media source ) .
returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .
encode a pi action group to a action profile group .
deserializes the data as an object of the type .
loads resource ids from r . txt file and returns the list of their names , if successful .
get the file cache control property : sets the file ' s cache control .
retrieves a node relative to the node of the live application , e . g .
gets an base biome from a argument stack .
delegates to # get attribute typed names ( ) and extracts the names .
retrieves the data source with the specified id .
tests a operating in bounded mode , created with a stream out of bound exception .
returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .
the poller poller allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .
get statistics for table for given filtering constraint .
sort the overlapping intervals first .
verify that duplicate exported packages are detected .
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when running on a file that is inconsistent .
produces a runner api . combine payload from a combine .
evaluates the condition and returns the matching expression .
cancels touch focus for the specified actor .
returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on
sets the event index .
returns the node for the specified file path .
sets the session ' s state machine name .
todo : change this into select track ( track info )
returns the class name persistence .
record an execution event for a container or test that was skipped .
creates a hive database from catalog database .
bic score of the mixture for given data .
runs a query and retrieves json .
browse the histogram to detect the sequence of peaks ( similar to stems ) and spaces ( blanks ) .
apache spark ( camel - spark )
get type .
create an instance of jaxbelement
gets a new pi node that replaces this placeholder during snippet instantiation .
gets the list of issuer properties issuers on this page .
retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise an empty string
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns true if this manifestation represents a field that is neither final , transient or volatile .
sets the context .
returns true if the image is a jpeg and its data is already complete at the specified length , false otherwise .
see upsertable # rowid has priority ( ) for more information .
to do this , we use the boolean to indicate which table to use .
does not write the id .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
create introspection invalid response .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . copy from url # url
manipulate the zoom level of the application and pans to specific location
on android , the default charset is utf - 8 .
create a new bone cp configuration object .
generates a valid document id for a service , used to index the service in es .
compares that two secrets are equal .
tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , string , long ) method .
creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . page blob async client . copy incremental # url - string
this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .
rule a subsumes rule b , if a subsumes b and a has got least the same expected predictive accuracy as b .
create an instance of jaxbelement
vmthreads . thread _ mutex should be held when iterating the list .
depth - first traversal of the control flow graph .
tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .
to compare the underlying local date of two date time accessor instances , use chrono field # epoch _ day as a comparator .
returns the k b folder with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
same as # set pipeline config ( pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) , but blocks execution .
register one or more annotated classes to be processed .
creates a mop method name from a method
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .
returns the last state from which the simulated annealing search found a solution state .
set runtime di locator .
the ihawrite message is returned to the caller .
remove a storage block by the name .
returns whether or not icon for the specified identifier exists .
unsubscribes us to notifications about incoming coin packets .
sets the value .
using the provided abscissa range , extract the relevant foreground pixels from the no _ staff image and evaluate possible glyph instances .
add a file to the list of the successfully uploaded files .
this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
set manufacturing order .
parses the wsdl file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .
creates and loads a resource repository .
swaps the operands of the expression if better performance is expected .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of offset time .
the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .
after you enable full - control mode , the master account in the organization can apply ocps on all member accounts .
associates this cache configuration to a quorum .
test of process method , of class abitracer .
sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .
gets any cached sync session for the given sync configuration or create a new one if no one exists .
defines enum set for the filter .
each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special block with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .
the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .
returns newly created nine patch icon containing stretchable shadow .
formats a millisecond long value into the supplied string builder .
creates and sends share intent across the system .
group : consumer
attaches an existing database .
load en organization model
wait for the transport thread to finish .
xml catalogs , oasis standard v1 . 1 , invalid path entries will be ignored .
sets the path to the configuration file .
receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and set given flags .
the meta - property for the product type property .
todo if the last halog file ( in commit counter sequence ) is discovered without a closing root block ( the opening and closing root blocks are the same ) then it can not be used .
sets the iseeding strategy factory to be used by this factory .
this method is a shortcut to plain # prefix ( string , boolean ) prefix ( prefix , true ) .
returns the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file if it is a valid java identifier .
generates a code sample for using directory client # create file with response ( string , long , file httpheaders ,
construct string data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct .
tracked blobstore entries are rotated out of the stored map periodically .
see # new database ( file , config , graph database facade factory . dependencies ) instead .
the refresh is only effective if the device is : offlinedoes not support gcm gcm registration failed
does this search only for dwrservice classes and ignores test classes .
start grid .
expands this pattern with the given variable mapping .
sets the value of the spin count property .
constuct a trace log event .
gets an action with empty request body sent .
the modules are located in the $ test . classes / modules directory .
gets the value of the ' public port ' field .
computes a mapping from the system stream partition to task name using the provided @ param grouper context
for details see also # get field or alias ( string )
gets the destination associated with this appender .
get tu - upc .
returns an operator to allow the query to be run once per parameter list in the source .
applies all included s to xml signature input and returns the result of these transformations .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the number of sync d l objects where company id = ?
add given object to the deque , prepending to head .
bugsnag . on breadcrumb ( new on breadcrumb ( ) public boolean run ( breadcrumb breadcrumb ) return false ; ignore the breadcrumb )
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
sets the iclass cache for the given application .
gets a path to an artifact with given version and group id = org . apache . ignite and artifact id = artifact name .
clean up after each test by resetting the fuseki instance
reset starting address .
returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .
no guarantee of order for past timers is assumed when expired later .
the same as # index reference ( index descriptor2 ) , except no schema lock is taken .
returns a start atlas db transaction response v4 which has a single immutable ts , and a range of timestamps to be used as start timestamps .
corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `
stores the fcpplugin connection so in the future it can be obtained by its id with # get connection ( uuid ) .
submits a bar notification for drawing .
getter for the training parameters of the feature selector .
receives all emails that matches given email filter filter .
returns a supplier that returns the current execution context associated with the given language .
returns an enumeration of url objects to all the resources with the given name on the class path of this class loader .
wind the wheel forward by setting the current tick of the wheel to examine on the next # poll .
cross root , height ( left ) + height ( right ) 2 .
the array length access has been removed from the offset .
returns a reference to a chat room named room name or null if that room does not exist .
adds next request to request type # bundle _ transport _ update query .
calling with null will terminate the publish processor and a null pointer exception is signalled to the subscribers .
discards a message from the not - acked - list
returns an immutable map containing zero mappings .
close connection ( blocking call ) .
create a new innovation .
otherwise an empty cached response will be added to the context , this will be used to cache the response once it has been received from the back - end service
this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .
get nominalmenge in preiseinheit .
scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
converts array of to email address .
gets the deprecated keys , in the order to be checked .
if a mock can be assigned to a field , do it .
each value will be separated on the command line by the host - specific path separator .
updates the connection ' s line associated with the given action id to its new position .
creates a valid window aggregate operation .
expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .
if the server id matches the local server id , it also updates my quorum addr and my election addr .
returns a list of all application which have registered .
sets the class name local service .
get the content of this element .
or throws a com . liferay . wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found .
this method is always invoked after # response headers start ( call ) .
otherwise returns a success containing the given value .
this only applies to classes configured by # with verbose classes ( string . . . ) verbose classes .
adds next payload type information update request to request type # rtp _ description _ update query currently being built .
group : consumer
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
returns the builder for the settings used for calls to snapshot table .
returns an immutable list containing nine elements .
sets the selection model for this listing .
iterating with two progenius for a draw
refreshes the rendering of the specified file , or its parent , in the tree .
gets the amount of local iterations .
create an instance of jaxbelement
when area is downloaded , geodatabases gets registered with the original service to support syncronization .
called to invalidate the cache - clearing it so that subsequent calls to get service ( ) or get contract ( ) will trigger a new fetch from the es store .
i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .
close pull request leaves issue open if no rebase mode .
the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .
removes the citation of the removed entry as it ' s not needed anymore
unless backing array needs resizing , operates in o ( 1 ) time .
construct a new member summary builder .
returns the current range of the segment .
the secret is required .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the unicode provided has to be a unicode representation of the emoji that is supposed to be represented by the reaction .
the value is " put " , which means it is either replaced or added .
stage where the actual wrapped method call occurs .
conditions can be imported statically from execution event conditions and test execution result conditions .
creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .
check if an active user with the given email exits in database
basic test of " requires public " : m1 requires m2 , m2 requires public m3
uses the iconics image view styleable tags to get the iconics data of menu items
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
updates a single entry of the local entity map with the given key and value , and then broadcasts the update to all nodes in the cluster .
returns an immutable list containing six elements .
sets the output .
creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s attribute .
the filter will be combined to existing filters using appendable filter data provider # combine filters ( object , java . util . optional ) .
start leader election .
to obtain an arn with amazon sns , you must create a topic in amazon sns and subscribe to the topic .
code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders ( blob http headers )
returns the formatted date and time of the signing date in utc zone .
the option is a : type .
this method blocks and waits until the provided index has been updated across the entire titan cluster and reached a stable state .
note : giving argument doesn ' t mean that a single block that uses that wrap can ' t be wrapped .
calculate sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector
notifies the registered listeners that a user has been removed .
converts an entity to a dbobject .
return the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan ( after running the optimizers ) .
try a sigterm once , then try again ( twice ) with sigkill .
relationship type for the left or right label as indicated by the second parameter .
this is an overload of # get users ( int ) with 100 .
sets the quorum name for operations .
then build a list of version differences i . e difference between the version in the gossip digest and the version in the local state for a given net endpoint .
joins a collection into an entire row of comma separated values .
returns the ( biased ) estimate of the sample variance of the values within a dataset .
updates the classifier with the given instance .
the maximum number of statements that can remain idle in the pool , without extra ones being released , or negative for no limit .
load balancing decision are based on this normalized # get score ( ) score ( work is assigned to hosts in inverse proportion to the normalized load of the host ) .
getter parameter value for is reconcile automatically
set " global " cors configuration based on url patterns .
returns the primitive id .
returns a inferred row coder with row type factory overridden by row type factory .
applies the default camel bean post processor to this instance .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . get setting # string - string - offset date time
api allowing to search for documents allowing to have multiple entries per language
the level of logging required .
sets the statistic repository with the specified statistic repository .
or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such oauth consumer exception if it could not be found .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
an instance of applicable region set will always be returned , even if regions are disabled or region data failed to load .
if the item is already collapsed , does nothing .
returns the configured java script head include resources .
takes a package and a relative path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource .
use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .
returns a collection of model objects which are based on the given permissions and target user .
called from fritz aha update xml callback to provide new values for things .
gets the value type .
sets view . on click listener of the car menu item .
apply the xpath and assert the number of nodes found .
getting raw updates handler provider if set
prints out the pair of objects found in the file that is the first and only argument .
the key store type ( jks , jceks , pkcs12 , etc ) for the identity and trust store for connections created by this listener .
checks whether the ' public port ' field has been set
find if there is an " engine option " ( covers engine , compiler and instruments options ) present among the given options .
the option will be converted to a
set the date that this token was created
returns a basic value supplier that serves the value passed in
reads a service request from information found in the inbound portion of the http request .
helper to parse the imported file into an imported grade wrapper depending on its type
delete child from this node
find all root glide modules and save them to an instance variable ( throw if > 1 ) .
remove all identities which are not used by other services or components
returns true if at least one argument returns the empty sequence .
this method is called from # copy ( ) .
these trytes can then be easily converted into the actual transaction object .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
queries _ mapping definition to automatically detect all types for an index
create an instance of jaxbelement
setter for # allow only requested headers
this works if # dbnodes is set to true .
returns true if field ttl action is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
publication # is original ( ) is true , then an aeron exception will be thrown and the recording not initiated .
schedules a set media items action to be executed .
start building a new factory class - based service binding .
send request for execution via # cli io .
returns a session attribute .
returns the list documents that have been processed or if no documents were present .
see # set padding ( int , int , int , int )
caching of path expression results ( gh - 1197 ) .
returns an intent to view the details of the group identified by the given uri .
returns current socket timeout limit ( milliseconds ) , default is 10000 ( 10sec )
this is either a colon " : " followed by the channel number , or the empty string .
gets the batch size .
compares the relative fitness of two sets of parameter types in terms of matching a third set of runtime parameter types , such that a list ordered by the results of the comparison would return the best match first ( least ) .
the option will be converted to a type .
informs main activity and other listeners like tasker whether logging has started / stopped
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
creates a dbobject from this point
the attribute values of annotations must be primitive or string constants .
compares if the given md5 matches another md5 hash .
or o onto v inplace , i . e .
get the certificate store of all processed certificates until now .
attaches image observer to the load icon of this node .
this method tries to process all the available genbank records in the file or input stream , closes the underlying resource , and return the results in linked hash map .
map module name to the new name .
makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .
new attribute statement .
encode a pi action group member to a action profile member .
map a json string to a javabean .
create an instance of jaxbelement
initialize the ssl context , factory and verifier .
decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .
create single chunk on the already existing empty frame .
create a snsnotifications publisher unless one exists in the context already .
delivers the exception to all registered child channels , and prohibits new streams being created on this connection .
so , if the given quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .
invoke builder . requires ( requires [ ] )
property sxapp
register an input stream , using the pcollection id as the config id .
get attribute value .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .
adds next ice transport update request to request type # transport _ update query currently being built .
if we failed on either stream in or out , reply fail to coordinator
finds a declaration with the given name that is in scope at the current location .
if the original rendering contains spaces , the returned value is the original rendering enclosed in single quotes .
adds a warning message to the message set .
used to store a few ui related settings for the current session only .
comma separated list of servers to start when starting tests
get the content of this element .
first , the first record is always recorded .
choosing return type is based on existence of @ class field in json
convert a utc datetime in millis to an encoded date in the default timezone .
sets the param consolescript .
returns the indexes of the rows to be read / built .
datascience is always available as long as there is a valid license
provide a lazy launch job service bean if one hasn ' t already been defined .
reads annotation data annotation data on provided accessible object .
returns the built - in service account ' s credential for the application if running on
sets the units of this drug order
generates a valid document id for a service referenced by a contract , used to retrieve the service from es .
determines whether a character is upper case according to plain character # is upper case ( char ) java ' s definition .
tests that when an etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .
returns the object with the given id from the pool
the on error resume next method changes this behavior .
log rule execution statistics .
returns the specified session attribute of a session .
checks whether the openstack node contains the given physical interface .
checks if the given key is present in the modified properties of this queue .
does this time interval contain the specified time interval completely .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
obtains the type from a unique name .
when the byte array is converted to a string , the utf - 8 is used .
this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .
this is necessary as the custom parameters must be applied in a certain order , and we can ' t assume that the consumer of this api will add them in the right order .
return the data flavors for this
create a new reader with the new type b .
invoke builder . provides ( provides [ ] provides )
the aspect ratio method is called
this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .
get upc / ean .
set parser state to xml state .
throw an illegal argument exception if the request is null or negative .
adds a state ( as a vertix ) to the state - flow graph if not already present .
whether the calendar should be infinite or limited to a number of days .
if a full restart recovery is currently pending , this recovery is included in the count .
the supported fields are year , day of year and millis of day .
add validation for a particular signature
store the result of the current assignment statement in the given scope .
see also : [ working with grammars ] ( url ) [ add grammars to the custom language model ] ( url ) .
returns a number that encodes how contents of the arrangement are aligned vertically .
this delegates to # execute ( command sender , string , string [ ] , command messages ) .
since this may read it ' s inputs more than once this method does all the opening and checking of the inputs .
get offset segment .
what happens when you put an object in an entity ?
returns the java types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .
the output fraction will have the minimum width necessary between the minimum and maximum widths - trailing zeroes are omitted .
workflow execution signaled event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the domain .
determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .
creates external docs swagger definition .
if no filter is specified , a default of " ( object class = ) " is returned .
creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .
returns the resolved java method for the vmtarget of a java . lang . invoke . member name .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns the number of open flows on this connection , if the connection has been established .
runs bean level validators on the bean after saving .
use this method if you don ' t have the source root but a lsdocument instance for a document in the project .
commits and closes the transaction without returning commit log
returns a tracked device pose view of the standing tracked device pose field .
encode a pi action group member to a action profile member .
if the list is empty no prefiltering can be done .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
falls back on the attribute if the groups are the same size .
create an initial optimistic locking value according the version type contract for the version property .
returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .
register one or more annotated classes to be processed .
returns a range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
get the value of the accessible flag for this object .
rotate this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .
get a direct execution context for the provided ptransform node and key .
creates a service which handles saml messages .
return an empty list for no children , and return null for the error .
sets the alternate intents .
this maps either the security id or the legal entity id to a group .
is grand type supported service .
build the extern package list from given url or the directory path , as specified with the " - linkoffline " flag .
sets the user id .
removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified namespaced entity id .
after the instance manager is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .
refreshes the jlist with the log records contained by debug console handler .
here it checks whether the sample took to long to be considered successful .
the calibration is defined using curve group definition .
returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .
gets the count of p2 sh sig ops in the script script sig scaled by witness _ scale _ factor
checks whether this connection has a ongoing handshake initiated receiving the provided client hello .
code snippets for data lake path async client # set access control ( path access control )
determines whether a character is a digit according to plain character # is digit ( char )
returns the name that identifies this service for the config - sentinel .
calculate the log10 likelihoods of the ref / alt het genotype for each alt allele , then subtracts these from the hom ref log10 likelihood to get the log - odds .
returns the account group for the specified uuid if it exists .
get all executions contained in this execution results .
applies a configuration entry to the internal state machine .
returns an unmodifiable map of metadata for a given alias .
sets the color of the description text .
get the current all agents state .
escapes a uri , replacing " / " and " . "
see ichange log # transaction commited ( ) .
with the check in the callable passed to the guava cache , we avoid building an extra context .
gets the request page number from the specified request uri and tag title .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
returns a literal for the reference cardinality .
the option will be converted to a type .
this function completes the input future when the channel is registered .
delegates to autowire utils # resolve dependency .
get divide rate .
support for x11 cannot be provided due to an oversight in the way that xrecord currently operates .
removes an on navigated listener from this controller .
if this node is array node and has value for specified index , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .
create an array of map sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .
timeout waiting to hear the status of all cluster members before voting if a majority have been heard from .
jsonify string .
parses the ballerina / http @ config annotation and builds swagger definition .
gets the synonym text .
complexity : 6 ( 2 of which emulated ) trigonometric functions .
specifies if a visual feedback should be shown when a button with an assigned image is pressed .
overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connection fail listener ) with only one listener .
creates a rfc - 6454 comparable origin from the origin string .
creates an instance of row factory using provided row type factory and generated getter factory .
create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .
special handling for ntfs ads : don ' t accept colon in the filename .
modify cluster api to associate a different security group and different parameter group with the restored cluster .
report the reference point for the moving inter located on ' center ' point .
get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .
this method returns the textual part of the filename before the last dot .
the second record is gets decrypted so this method also checks its content .
obtain a remote repository for the data set having the specified sparql end point .
get infrastructure properties # # # functional description : dracoon infrastructure properties entry point .
creates a new standby file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
checks the dirty status of the ' batch id ' field .
whether the given @ init binder method should be used to initialize the given web data binder instance .
the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
sets the text .
write a line of the co nll output .
returns an array containing some validators in order to validate the
set the sentence location .
registers the local dispatcher with this service dispatcher
test if the paths are the same .
integers 0 . . . n .
create parameters necessary for creating a single use alipay source .
size of a dash array is even and sum of all the units off in the array is 0 .
the message receiver will be selected in the following way from the cause in # get cause ( ) :
create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .
associates memory cache key with image view .
get the current file ' s imports .
sets the propagate flags for this event .
main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize entities of a text input .
returns all the sync d l objects where modified time > ?
converts a single output stream into multiple byte string byte strings .
the rotations in this policy
[ if sidecar19 - se ]
decorates and binds the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .
create client request filtering stage using the instance manager .
initialization required for editing an xml bundle .
return the transfer data of type data flavor from input stream
the timestamp for the most recent update to the synonym .
return the name for the selector header .
amazon cloud search will still automatically scale your domain based on the volume of data and traffic , but not below the desired instance type and replication count .
sets the value of the ' row key ' field .
creates a multi expression for evaluating a method call instance , possible clinit , and all arguments .
test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .
you should always check the response for a at which to continue the list ; if there are no more items the is .
gets the list of secret properties secret properties on this page .
the meta - property for the reference entity ids property .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
this will always return false until the scanning service starts up , at which time it will be known .
get field types for an avro - generated specific record .
if null is passed , warn logging is turned off .
this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaternionf , float ) using their relative interpolation weights .
sets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field
get the operation
the rsa key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
transforms this try by applying either on success to this value or on failure to this cause .
matches the display name of the xry meta key to the appropriate enum type .
epilog for any user action sequence .
the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int arithmetic .
writes the service response to the http servlet response object .
check for expected local values and types in the live stack frame
set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements
posts a constructive disjunction constraint
get repeated type .
get a copy from all member entries
gets the message receiver that should be the target for any messages sent by the command ( by default ) .
unregisters a content observer which was previously registered by calling register content observer ( ) .
verifies that the given csv content is the same as the content given in the file at file path param .
sets the character used for thousands separator .
create an instance of jaxbelement
checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation .
returns a string representation of this version instance in the generic form of major . minor . revision [ . nightly . build . id ] .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
18 : 43 : 59 caution : does not recognize values with a timezone information ( . . . [ + - z ] . . . )
adds a camera capture session . state callback callback .
returns the int value if this primitive value is of type int .
adds next ssrc information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .
creates a mutable options bundle from an existing immutable configuration .
map field name to the new name .
create a new base event for each invocation .
obtain a remote repository for a data set managed by the remote service .
returns true if the mark is new , the member will be retained , and its own dependencies should be traversed .
sets port for nat .
returns a boolean indicating whether the given id has a protocol configuration .
get the active candidate selector .
convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .
sets the client and server transport .
single root expressions ( gh - 1231 ) .
the meta - property for the up front fee property .
this method can be used to simply adapt an observable to a promise , but can also be used to bind an observable to the current execution .
finds out non joining dimensions for this cube .
configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
this path will be the canonical path unless an exception is thrown in which case it will be the absolute path .
it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .
if there is no applicable default , fall back to returning the provided default .
returns an offset date - time formed from this date at the specified time .
add an nl model to design surface .
returns either name primary or name alternative based on the contacts preferences .
build the extern package list from given url or the directory path .
extracts value of given type from expression assuming it is a value literal expression .
creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes and edges .
gets the width of the account information widget .
determines whether the current user has permission to update the given target user , adding or removing the given permissions .
charset registry .
get a set of notification filters preferences that are available for the current user and that corresponds to the given filter .
returns a boolean indicating whether the given descriptor is for a primitive event .
you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .
returns the defining class name , so that super . get class info ( ) returns the class info object for the defining class .
the ec key create options parameter is required .
set allowed en cashment ? .
the result is expected fragment count - 1 ( for initial ) - 1 ( for leftovers ) .
find cites along a specific line and add them to a map .
merges context " ct " into this context , except for local symbols in " ct " two symbols clash if they have the same name and the same class ; that is an error .
titan ' s schema which is tied to this particular transaction and not the graph .
marks an existing lucene index with a new history uuid and sets the given max seq no as the local checkpoint as well as the maximum sequence number .
checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .
checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics options object can be converted to a skylark semantics object with the same field values .
if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) .
in case of failure the flux will error .
dispatches to the jsp location created from result value and jsp extension .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
note that new constant types may be added in future versions of the java virtual machine .
inserts the given text at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , column index ) .
loads all entries on the given path .
if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media item ( ) will return the library root .
or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such gadget exception if it could not be found .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns the decision table that is requested .
get menge in catch weight einheit .
sets the entity attribute of this endpoint to entity
register one or more annotated classes to be processed .
cleanup the analyzer ' s temp files , etc .
replaces pattern in query in form of " $ param " with values from message header
this method returns the textual part of the filename after the last dot .
this method returns an interface that is both " up " and supports multicast .
decorates services with the specified route .
hadoop format io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when value class is not provided by the user in configuration .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
merges this frame with the given frame .
add classpath elements , separated by the system path separator character .
creates an exception from an service id and version .
the provided will not be closed by this method .
returns the member with the given name and type .
returns the hash string for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .
creates a mutable copy of graph with the same nodes and edges .
note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .
executes tasks after an operation .
defines message number filter .
creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
for example , the period in hours between two times can be calculated using start time . period until ( end time , hours ) .
test the array method for a io buffer containing one byte buffer
once the prefetch is done , the session will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .
add an cache entry
if timeout and nanos are both zero , then real time is not taken into consideration and the thread waits until awakened by one of the other causes .
parses the set - cookie value into an array of cookies .
see the apache http client documentation for more details .
prepare name id attribute id p attribute .
if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .
specifies the type of value .
a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but wired headset is plugged in and activated
return true if the given @ init binder method should be invoked to initialize the given web data binder .
effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the constant annotation marker interface .
creates a new schema info level builder with settings for detailed schema information .
output : file status
test a basic feature ( sql ) which doesn ' t require any trial license .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
test estimation parameters materialized view
event whenever flush fails .
convenience method for creating a new primitive for the key given in proto .
tests the functionality of write to and read from .
this unsubscribes all previous subscription with the parent id , regardless of the extra that was previously sent to the library service .
the comparison is based on the time - line position of the local date - times .
the factory itself is bound in a per - lookup scope .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset date time .
extracts the expressions from a selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .
creates a module info to reopen data at the given path .
returns the enclosed type node , or an empty optional if this is void .
map treatment to output _ ecmp action .
this method assumes that the dag is valid as per oio constraints
catches any exception thrown by provided supplier and rethrows it as
strings greater than 500 chars get converted to text and back .
populates the given basic dblist with values from the given collection .
get sql scripts configured via sql @ sql for the supplied annotated element .
returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .
creates a randomized list of urls for the given shard .
this method will convert ballerina @ service to swaggers @ swagger object .
appends drag data to row data json if generator function is set by the user of this extension .
creates new week in the utc timezone .
this operates using map # put all ( map ) semantics using the index as the key .
property jversionint
delete from disk the samples and image if any of a defunct sheet
note : you should consider using request cancel workflow execution action instead because it allows the workflow to gracefully close while terminate workflow execution does not .
sets the connecting client id .
otherwise throws an illegal argument exception .
generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , uri )
sets the drm provider to use when handling drm for media .
code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions , duration ,
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
create a instance manager .
removes instructor access but does not delete the account .
the rsa key create options # get expires ( ) expires and
returns true if this class loader is plain # register as parallel capable parallel capable , otherwise false .
time ( in ms ) of last received append position .
if there are no trade offer list mutators registered for the desired level and career , the list remains unmodified .
sets the master secret to use for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .
note that for success blocks needs to call udpadapter2 # send ack ( session reader , integer )
code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .
set the file cache control property : sets the file ' s cache control .
create an instance of jaxbelement
configure http message readers to de - serialize the request body with .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a copy of this with a new node version added .
parses a list of options for this object .
for example , this demonstrates loading from the models jar file , which you therefore need to include in the classpath for parser demo to work .
if present then it is not an error if the schedule does not exist
create and return a sql row based on the result set and the db true value .
maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark - rest
creates a sequence with the specified value .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with " .
return a long value which is the number of rows in the table .
atomically updates the current values with the results of applying the given deltas .
search for possible variables which are possible accessible inside rendered twig template
note that the file contents should be encoded as a base64 string and the 10 kb limit refers to the number of bytes in the decoded data not the number of characters in the encoded data .
generate a new voice id , starting in provided staff .
if any field binding validator fails , no values are saved and a validation exception is thrown .
note , that an exception is thrown if the vertex id is not a valid titan vertex id or if a vertex with the given id already exists .
tika config uri : the uri of tika - config . xml
adding fields to a pojo as keyed state should require a state migration .
saves the field values into the given bean if all field level validators pass .
set the metadata flag for this method to indicate that it is a script body implementation .
main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .
returns the output type of the java method .
adds an individual container ( belonging to any software system ) to this view .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
converts a titan vertex id of a given vertex to the user provided id as the inverse mapping of # to vertex id ( long ) .
returns the tree for an annotation given an attribute to search ( recursively ) and its corresponding tree .
and repository id = ?
respond a limited number of times with the provided message in reply to each intercepted outbound message .
creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .
get all the indexed documents ( no paginated results ) .
if either collection or watchlist have changes newer than last stored .
computes the next larger double in the power series point = 2 ( i / ppo ) given the current point in the series .
or throws a com . liferay . privatemessaging . no such user thread exception if it could not be found .
get create builtin function snippet block .
opens the given snapshot writer .
create an immutable view of this vector4f .
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
the outer most component is the root component in the component hierarchy representing this internal node .
same as # list ( ) , only returns an array instead .
returns the value of the bitfield field .
returns the intersection ( set theory ) of two given sets , retaining order .
reads the hashes attribute
this method attaches a linked file from a url ( if not already linked ) to an entry using the key and value pair from the find full texts map
if labels = " abc , def " , settings with labels " abc " or " def " are returned .
sets the value of the ' row key ' field
note that checking for collisions with a rotated image sprite currently checks against the sprite ' s unrotated position .
defaults to .
tests the master worker info # generate client worker info ( ) method .
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when all files are consistent .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
perform a 302 redirect to ` url ` .
get the active candidate selector .
get information about a specific batch - processing request .
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from
do not change the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .
for the underlying rest api , go to
by defualt map db uses java . nio . channels . file channel .
this needs to be implemented in order to display the fullscreen button .
verify the validity of an ' ec _ sign _ p256 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message
amazon redshift returns all hsm client certificates that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
set the default factory .
returns a map of methods and corresponding skylark callable annotations of the methods of the class obj class reachable from skylark .
tests using mapify on entities
adds a web socket to the members list .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such comment exception if it could not be found .
appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .
register laser ore | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the " value " attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .
caches numeric host names and dns host names , and negative caches also .
set the timeout after which the job should be aborted .
resource id for drawable .
converts the entries from this query result into actual titan relation .
returns the app area component .
note : you cannot delete a parameter group if it is associated with a cluster .
test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid
rsa key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .
sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the left
returns the source file containing the new expression .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . copy from url # url
returns a charset instance for the named charset .
if keys = " abc " , settings with a key containing " abc " are returned .
creates a new explicit message processor chain from one or more processor ' s .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
creates a new schema info level builder with settings for standard schema information .
returns the descriptor corresponding to the given java type .
connects this channel to a group and gets a state from a specified state provider .
in case the parent service locator is not specified , the locator will not be parented .
currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .
gets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field
static factory that immediately returns # to ( ) method picker .
implements operator . divide .
verifies traced span event for when org . apache . activemq . active mqmessage producer active mqmessage producer sends the message .
sets the quorum name for operations .
the context ( if defined ) for the dialog node .
register sub - objects such as caches
returns raw parameter component types .
[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .
create a network bridge
checks that collection @ param col contains string @ param str .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .
find the runtime module corresponding to the given resolved module in the given parent layer ( or its parents ) .
reads boolean type system property .
this implementation returns the underlying file ' s length .
sets the raft serializer .
for kotlin classes , it returns the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor ( as defined in
returns true if this result is an overflow condition .
decrypts the byte array using the configured # get cipher ( ) cipher .
if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal key is preferred !
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
[ a6 ] if the new lookup class is not accessible to the old lookup class , using the original access modes , then no members , not even public members , will be accessible .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
filter a list of metadata search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on
returns an immutable collection of all the snapshot ids in the repository , both active and incompatible snapshots .
throw a runtime exception with a message for a send error .
defines target size for image .
returns a literal for the component state .
waits for an existing process to finish , a custom timeout and a process terminator .
the option will be converted to a type .
we check if there is a registered comparator for all the superclasses of clazz 3 .
adds a sample request for # get service ( ) .
this method sets the value of the database column s _ user . dateofbirth
determine if this instance only contains only a single attribute named value .
moves entries inside an array .
common test method to be able to check security from any authentication plugin
this declaration is of the form " label l xxx = new label ( ) ; " .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
set the elevation ( in meters ) of the point .
where a , b , and c are all arrays , and a has type @ literal @ same len ( " d " ) .
creates new day of year in utc .
assign the time offset since the beginning of the measure , for all chords in this time slot .
sets the current end icon to be visible or gone .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
checks that a randomly generated skylark semantics object can be serialized and deserialized to an equivalent object .
gets the available trade offer list mutators for the desired career and level .
reset # key _ last _ movies _ watched _ at to 0 so all watched movies will be downloaded the next time a sync runs .
if there are more vaults to list , the response field contains the vault amazon resource name ( arn ) at which to continue the list with a new list vaults request ; otherwise , the field is .
set this axis angle4d to be equivalent to the given quaterniond .
if recipient set contains # all _ recipients then the message will be sent to all distribution managers .
this logic is used for default partitioning and can be used to implement partitionable .
generates a code sample for using file async client # upload range from url ( long , long , long , uri )
const max = 10 ; ( 3 ) constant declaration ; ( 4 ) constant element
the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .
top element on the stack contains the return value or exception instance .
adds pending task object .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . create sub directory # string
an array containing any synonyms for the entity value .
remove any key material : slices potential alter and key shape .
if such an url was returned during login , it will be returned as an url .
overrides the default comparator ( which returns the oldest event available ) .
for patterns of type type # single _ target , returns the label of the target .
get the current values from all resources .
use a map to store level and the node values in it .
locks existing inodes on the path to the inode specified by an id , in the specified lock mode .
persist the fallback storage properties to the fallback storage file .
if default session type is null , teamevaluation is selected by default .
gets a location for the module containing a specific file representing a java source or class , to be found within a location , which may be either a module - oriented location or an output location .
adds a wan publisher configuration to this wan replication .
creates instance of secure server exposer factory that will expose secure servers for runtime with the specified runtime identity .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
this is the location given in the constructor after being resolved against the core instance dir .
a helper method to search for segments of a request path .
validates and returns the underlying logical type of the given schema . field .
sets new reference to partition counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .
in this case dependant plugins not disabled .
deletes all files and sub - directories under .
encodes the given object using the configured # serializer .
the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .
prints a record with the specified fields .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the earlier of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .
returns the parent folder to the resource in the current site .
the detailed format of the region id depends on the group .
receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark them as ' seen ' ( ie ' read ' ) .
checks if pos is in range [ offset . . offset + length ]
the gossip digest is built based on randomization rather than just looping through the collection of live endpoints .
sets the encryption scope encryption scope that is used to encrypt blob contents on the server .
modifies the client to accept only requests with a given certificate .
gets whether this factory supports the given path and thus whether calling the # create ( string , under file system configuration , alluxio configuration ) can succeed for this path .
code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )
returns the quorum name for operations .
if the element already has the attribute set , it will be overridden .
the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .
returns the param sitetitle .
sync training listener # on training start ( sync training event ) on training start ( ) is called once when the training starts .
closes any watchers , thread pools that may react to changes in tenant state , and removes any state in filesystem and zookeeper
sets the quorum name for queue operations .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method is called when a component will be rendered standalone .
fill all the options for a given core nlp annotator .
when ' false ' is set , fab visibility is set to view . gone programmatically ,
decorates services whose route matches the specified path pattern .
walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from file name to the class contained with in it .
download zip file # # # functional description : download multiple files in a zip archive .
pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .
returns the type node to the left of the " : : " if it exists .
register a record reader .
creates a catalog object using the specified feature settings and path to one or more catalog files .
adds tags for the specified namespaced entity id .
this method sets all fields , which are custom in bibtext and therefore supported by jabref , but which are not included in the dublin core format .
if the set etag doesn ' t match anything the update won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .
get list of index keys .
get the numbe rof relationships in the collection .
returns a builder for custom analyzers that loads all resources from classpath .
this will specify the destination document to open in a new window .
parses options in the specified map .
returns all rotations for this application
extracts gcm topic names out of a given criteria object ( e . g .
returns the provider for the given load - balancing policy , or null if no suitable provider can be found .
sets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field
removes virtual port .
now loop through the sorted list and retrieve the gossip digest corresponding to the endpoint from the map that was initially constructed .
gets ( and removes from the queue ) the handshake message with this handshake ' s next expected message sequence number .
note that time is adjusted backwards by a week to account for possible clock drift in the block headers .
if you define two fields with same name but different cases , behavior is undefined .
if the message have the embeds suppressed then this action can undo the suppressed embeds .
checks if a message needs to be encrypted / decrypted .
read an item list dao from a file .
note : this operation enables you to check the status of your job .
reset the value given the timestamp , value and reals .
returns the checkout with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . ams . no such checkout exception if it could not be found .
factory method that returns list of callable tasks for performing maxpooling operation
this function initializes the facebook sdk , the behavior of facebook sdk functions are undetermined if this function is not called .
we cannot just use a map , because it may result in an eternal recurrent call , guava does a good job at handling that situation .
simple example of a replacement pattern , deleting entries which only include ssns
actually copy the contents of the src file / directory to the dest file / directory .
such permission depends on whether the current user is a system administrator , whether they have explicit update permission on the target user , and whether they have explicit administer permission on all affected objects .
public interface to perform ipa over a given dml program .
unlock the given region , throw an ioexception if we fail .
standard getter for the rightwardlabel string in this relationship
return the current starting address .
recursively assigns an iterable value to a list literal .
in this case the underlying stream is advanced to the end of the associated mpeg frame .
returns an unmodifiable list of the command args for this job specification .
create a transaction status instance for the given arguments .
this method is always invoked after # secure connect start ( call ) .
alias for future # successful ( executor service , object )
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
test of npara method , of class negative binomial distribution .
gets an integer from the given element .
removes all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
invokes parent . resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .
the script is added to the tree of scripts and its templates loaded , if any .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns true if this result represents an unmappable - character error .
extracts options from the specified item .
convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .
a materialization where the primitive view type is a multimap with fully specified windowed keys .
objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list response . fixed . category
resources ending in " . class " or where the package name is not a java identifier are resources that can never be encapsulated .
converts an array of raw binary data into a string of ascii 0 and 1 characters .
we should also flush the buffer is there are any thints for the node there , and close the writer ( if any ) , so that we don ' t leave any hint files lying around .
brings the bind nodes in a correct order according to the dependencies that they have .
queries this search source for the given query string .
number of direct children ( no recursion ; for rooms / folders only )
prepare name id attribute id p attribute .
scope of the schedule .
an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed _ truncated -
create a new builder preconfigured to connect to the bigtable emulator .
when possible this method will present the bytes to the caller without copying them into another buffer copy .
get the list of git markers web - elements in the editor
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
create and return a user defined function info object encapsulating information obtained from the given function and from its parsed docstring .
you can also limit the number of vaults returned in the response by specifying the parameter in the request .
tests the creation of a message authentication code for the md5 algorithm .
returns true if the given name is a legal binary name .
traverse ops a collection of either3 producing an either3 with a list x , applying the transformation function to every element in the list
for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .
clean up .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
calculates and returns the bottom margin of a view , which visualizes a tab .
waits until the job has reached a certain state .
code snippet for data lake directory client # get sub directory client ( string )
as service binding involves resolution then it may fail with
gets the redirection validator , that ensures the followed redirections are in scan ' s scope .
slight performance increase over # render ( vertex buffer ) .
returns a flag , indicating if automatic pulling is enabled by default .
given a persister and primary key , find the locally cross - referenced natural id .
appends image window # close ( ) .
return a set of all extensions with the given element name and namespace .
begin insert before the current line by creating a new blank line above the current line
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
reset password # # # functional description : resets a user ' s password to a new value .
walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files jar , from file name to the class contained with in it .
returns the package directory .
sets the space between children .
stop the sync manager .
register a module this this class loader .
if an existing file is overwritten , it is moved to the recycle bin instead of the restored one .
the default implementation fades out the dialog over 400 milliseconds and then removes it from the stage .
returns the calendar resource with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such resource exception if it could not be found .
returns table header tool tip provider for jtable header that uses this table header painter .
copies entries from one array to another .
sends a notification broadcast for a task that has started or became due .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the cluster name .
adds a surface configuration to the combination .
multiply this duration with the given duration
returns the border size that sentry robots are restricted to .
the given media item2 is set as the tag of the source .
test that document element . add does not throw any exception when passing a reference to an excluded field .
writes events collection to bed file
returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null for none .
creates a for - comprehension of 8 iterables .
calories burned data point .
obtains new proxy instantiator based on given weld configuration .
unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ glsl compile _ into _ glsl
set the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .
sets the page changed flag to .
ensure that at most max open requests are not complete .
add a series for a bubble type chart using using lists
the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .
returns true is this module patcher has no patches .
a ballerina exception will be thrown if the key does not exists .
also clears any idle instances associated with the username that was used to create the pooled connection .
fills the combo box with the options ' true ' , ' false ' and ' not set ' .
add a info event log item and log .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
this methods sets this armature in its bind pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )
asserts that the given violation list has the expected number of violations .
stub of plugin # will declare property ( type spec . builder , property generator , field spec . builder ) for subclasses to override
or throws a com . liferay . akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found .
reset all mocks .
returns true if the method has any shiro annotations , false otherwise .
in other words , other sessions can continue to play during the prefetch of this session .
clears the value of the ' public port ' field
helper method that allows for registration of regexps to the class white list .
register an observer event listener with the current context ( provided ) .
search text placeholer by its type
return the first argument if it yields an empty sequence .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .
the negative of contains is # absent .
configure a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .
the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .
returns the field value run through all converters and validators , but doesn ' t pass the validation status to any status handler .
ensure that the service still exists .
connect to a single server with retry .
peeks from the beginning of the input to see if # flac _ signature is present .
log subscription related events : new , cancel , restore , heartbeat , expire
and repository id = ? .
returns the calendar with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .
creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .
gets the groups used to find a repo curve .
prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding handler type predicate in the map .
returns a bitmap flagging the records for which the value in this column is equal to the value in the given column columnwise is equal to .
path source paths utilize the project source path resolver # path source path resolver to resolve the path .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
when the returned value is not null use cookie methods get name ( ) and get value ( ) to set the cookie header on an http request with header value of
[ if sidecar19 - se ]
user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .
application data messages received or sent during a handshake may be dropped or processed deferred after the handshake .
convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .
the input key class is org . apache . sqoop . lib . sqoop avro record .
removes all of the instructions of this list .
ipv4 address in this allocation
if running on android oreo or later , we must become a foreground service .
parse the given , comma - separated string into a list of mime type objects .
same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker
creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 1 . 1 and http / 2 message transport only .
returns an operator that runs a select query for each list of parameter objects in the source observable .
updates the parameter types of the method method elt in the scene of the receiver tree ' s enclosing class based on the arguments to the method .
or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this # is affine ( ) affine matrix and store the result in .
the default implementation wraps the class in a generic type and calls # can encode ( generic type ) , therefore it is invariant as well .
sets the vector collection factory used to accelerate the nearest neighbor search .
casts the date time to @ chrono local date with the same chronology .
create the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .
set body of the stored procedure .
atomically set the lo integer value without changing the hi value .
obtains an instance of offset date from a date - time object .
returns true if field ttl is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
sql - java type mapping , with specified beam rules : 1 . redirect readable instant to date so calcite can recognize it .
sets the cluster name .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
setter for # expose headers
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained items .
checks the load metadata type to determine whether or not to proceed in loading metadata .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
preference should be visible
deserializes the json as an object of the type .
get values .
loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
this allows active mq destinations to be passed around as strings and converted back again .
structural specification for more details .
applies a function f to the error of this validation if this is an invalid .
returns the full coordinates of the artifact - package path + version .
tests resilency when egress device is down .
return the config file associated with a tunnel controller or a default value based on the tunnel name
constructs and returns a new instance of dimension .
creates a new instance using the given event to obtain the configuration ' s parameter values .
skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \ ' .
run a method in a new thread
this allows multiple versions of the dao to be configured if necessary .
applies the optimization to all subqueries .
test of parse method , of class certificate verify message parser .
test connector factory # search by viewport ( viewport , map tokens )
acquires the read lock to block reinitialization .
each cause is appended after the exception is it the cause of .
this method alone will not make any changes to the session configuration , it is up to the use case to decide when to modify the session configuration .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of zone id .
tests the alluxio uri # alluxio uri ( string , string , string , map ) constructor to build an uri from its different components with a query map .
generate the next increment in the optimistic locking value according the version type contract for the version property .
returns an instance of program heartbeat store .
media handler with the specified media stream .
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
looks up classes in the virtual java 9 filesystem jrt :
utility method for transforming an optional ssl configuration into an optional trust context .
set user keypair # # # functional description : set the user ' s keypair .
optional . absent ( ) if the ast node doesn ' t correspond to a ' simple ' lock expression .
returns the axis aligned bounding box ( aabb ) of the region , mesh , and skinned mesh attachments for the current pose .
returns the event index .
adds a new job to the pending jobs queue .
adds a single button to the view .
returns a basic authorization header value for the given credentials and charset .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . start copy from url # url
returns a range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
is matching by file name , module id and check name .
if the score is 60 or lower ( on a 1 to 100 interval ) the system default charset is returned instead .
binds the specified service at the specified route of the default virtual host .
check equality between two string objects , specifying ( offset , len ) pairs for limiting the fragments to be checked .
for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start instant . period until ( end instant , seconds ) .
if the prefetch is not needed , # play from search can be directly called without this method .
checks whether the entry event source of an entry event is crucial for this class .
the meta - property for the convention property .
if the delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .
overload of # connect ( string , server state listener , server connection fail listener ) with no listeners .
no - op if parcel file descriptor is already closed .
the clone is given a new unique id .
tests global recommend ( long , int ) .
structural specification for more details .
match statement against pattern for drop schedule
test of var method , of class bernoulli distribution .
creates new redis script from resource .
if the null is returned , session result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .
hadoop format io . write # with configuration ( configuration ) with configuration ( configuration ) function when key class is not provided by the user in configuration .
returns a restriction tracker which reports all claim attempts to the specified
returns possibly relative uri representation of this truffle file .
checks if the parent is null then must be an instance of hk2 injection manager .
returns the request ' s call sequence .
creates a new file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
this is why there is not a set method for the paragraph content property .
update the number .
as a special case , resources ending with " . class " are never encapsulated .
returns a zoned date - time formed from the instant represented by this date - time and the specified time - zone .
creates query for the given search string .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the decorating service function and returns server builder that this decorating service binding builder was created from .
gets the classpath component containing the given class .
gedec the value of the ' dec ' field .
construct a new instance of an execution that was skipped with the provided skip reason .
the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .
merging of data is required during an mind - meld .
reads a material from a name or id , depending on the tag type .
executes pems # public key spec from open ssh ( input supplier ) on the string which was open ssh
pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .
all handlers will be invoked by this executor .
test of open method , of class cpe memory index .
returns true if field trace id is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
this method is called when a component was rendered standalone .
creates a context - independent copy of the iterator results .
returns the foo with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . testpacl . no such foo exception if it could not be found .
parses a sample from the array and returns a proper object representation .
returns the execution root for the main package .
sets the group .
any criteria implements queryable interface at runtime .
add a debug event log item and log .
standard getter for the leftward label string in this relationship
wrap an object , if necessary .
returns if the given type has itoken type # tf _ separator _ document set .
returns the exporer file entry options .
compiles the given code generator request .
the squared length of the quaternion is obtained by multiplying by its conjugate and summing the terms of the resulting quaternion .
secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties ) .
saves all dictionary entries that appeared @ literal > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .
sets the specified value to the bitfield field .
sets the desired camera lens facing .
create a media item2 with the id .
returns the request of the context .
have been added with # activate index ( storage index reference ) .
copied from slot crafting # on crafting ( item stack )
adds a list of byte arrays as the payloads of the request .
removes all of the service contracts from es .
return the nanoseconds when the next scheduled task is ready to be run or - 1 if no task is scheduled .
converts array of to email address .
invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection
by default , this method will return an instance of xml configuration writer factory .
checks to make sure that all properties specified in are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .
returns true if the button ' s text should be bold .
initialize source , build , and public resource oracles using the most complete currently available combination of module def and library group .
it satisfies the general contract of the object # hash code
creates a block in stream to read from a netty data server .
verify that a named subquery exists for each include .
encode a pi action group to a action profile group .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list settings # setting selector - context
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
creates a new leader file system master from journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
returns the desired resource profile for the slot .
prints a date - time object to an appendable using this formatter .
submit the entered data .
attempts to close the thread gracefully .
# # # effects : the selected files are moved from the recycle bin to the chosen productive container .
restart if this particular result of the disablement of a plugin and its dependant plugins ( depending on the strategy used ) has a plugin disablexd .
fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ attribute instance is changed .
calling this method resolves the holiday calendar , returning a function that can convert a schedule period to an fx reset .
is called when an agent doesn ' t select an action .
returns a non - empty array of module descriptors in the run - time image .
creates a stackdriver stats exporter .
setting this will open a partially synchronized realm .
get the java home property value for the given os _ type .
exercise - - add - exports with unknown values .
if the transport thread has been shut down ( or is in the progress of being shut down ) this method will instead wait for the transport thread to complete , since no more commands will be performed , and waiting would be forever .
# # # precondition : existing user that is not locked .
gets the packlet information for given mpack .
returns a container with the service type corresponding to the name of a services configuration file .
sets up the ejb client context to use a selector which processes and sets up ejb receivers based on this testcase specific jboss - ejb - client . properties file
create a time service by time service config .
update a pending or active batch - processing request .
creates headers definitions for swagger response .
indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id
returns a texture region based on the so called state time .
get get value of a key
initialize the target module ids with the passed application module id and the descriptors
string template : the template content map model : the view model rendering context context : the rendering context ( since version )
creates a new instance of ldapconnection , configured as required to use whichever encryption method is requested within guacamole . properties .
removes all properties for the specified namespaced entity id .
note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data only when the first connecting stream connects .
gets analytical statistics for the specified connection .
if available , the value is returned , otherwise a new name is generated and returned .
same as # lock or register backup lock ( tx invocation context , object , long )
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method makes sure we are using the root persister .
returns true if any posts in the passed list exist in this list
the timestamp for creation of the counterexample .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
returns true if the given type is a primitive type , false otherwise .
request type and options defaults to null .
encodes an integer into 4 bytes in network byte order in the buffer supplied .
returns an iterator of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .
indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db instance , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .
create a new flat tree node from the given tree .
sets the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . sentry robot sentry robot .
requests killing of the running program .
an override to the global script evaluation timeout setting on the script engine .
tests the given operation model for a operation executor model property and if present it returns the enclosed operation executor factory .
create jar file with specified files from specified location .
getter for the output directory where the data files are stored .
and repository id = ? .
ensures that the parameters will overwrite the member values .
return the liquibase serializable . serialization type to use when serializing this object .
peeks id3 tag data ( if present ) at the beginning of the input .
check to see if the local variable should be considered for replacement , i . e .
creates nonce and its hash for use in open id connect authentication requests
compute sum of squared difference of counts
key import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .
constructs an instance of table admin client with the given instance name and bigtable table admin stub
make sure that no part is shared by several candidates .
saves the bundle with the given name and files so it can be recalled later in the template
helper for # insert before ( long , value ) that copies all items into a tree seq .
this hack may fail on non - sun jvms .
sends a request to write a list of addresses .
native linkable .
convert a mongo iterable into an observable .
adds a new state description for a channel that has multiple options to select from or a custom format string .
sets the occurrence indicator to 1 if the first expression returns at least one non - array item .
sets the vector collection factory used to produce acceleration structures for the optics computation .
produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with optional extras .
a policy that delegates to another policy that is selected based on the most recently evaluated outcome .
returns an rx observable that monitors changes to this realm list .
turns this future stream into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the in it ' s current task executor , that is producing data
performs actual put operation for the specified record in hbase .
returns a requires for a dependence on a module with the given ( and possibly empty ) set of modifiers .
sets an integer attribute on the given element .
for an overview of cidr ranges , go to the
reset all mocks .
test method with namespaces .
returns the k b template with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such template exception if it could not be found .
the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and
this can also be used to set a custom shape renderer aside from the default ones .
delivers the given event object to given observer methods .
return response headers associated with the exception , possibly required for the given status code ( e . g .
timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae
the tracking state affects the aggressiveness of the alpha / beta gain values in synchronizing with the signal carrier .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
expected to be used by the poller to release resources on socket close , errors etc .
atomically sets the lo int value to the given updated value only if the current value = = the expected value .
returns the value of the bitfield field .
gets the value of the value property .
gets the option to allow queries to run across all partitions of the collection .
throws illegal argument exception if the value is null .
return repositories available for target os version on host based on repo version repository definition
sets the text value of the ds : xpath element .
scenario : - ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service via ca - service does not evaluate trust
unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ compile _ into _ vulkan compile _ into _ vulkan
sets the source .
corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `
get open id connect authentication information # # # functional description : provides information about open id connect authentication options .
kept for compatibility with native script .
resets the states .
ensure that the # offsets array has enough space to store index .
hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .
moves the caret to the position indicated by pos .
get report type .
create subject alternative names with user principal names .
get the variation of information ( not normalized , 0 = equal )
write a new file using the filename and data passed as parameter .
generates a jar file that contains zero or more classes with a static main method .
the variables involved while matching the tree # node ( ) .
code snippet for block blob client # stage block from url ( string , url , blob range )
property asapp
returns the hash string for the given module name , null if there is no hash recorded for the module .
if the - ea option is not set , an array index out of bounds exception may occur , but out of optimization considerations we don ' t want to guarantee this exception .
returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .
if the given element is null or does not have an integer , zero is returned .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos users .
closes the current snapshot writer .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .
web page on a job - by - job basis and thier values indicative of what actions should be associated with a web page .
issues m capture request configurations to camera capture session .
note : changes to dynamic parameters are applied immediately .
sets the value for for r4 + resources , and places the value in an extension on with the url for dstu3 and below .
retires the service , removing it from the engine .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
creates an already compressed grouped list for storage .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
get plain column .
does not close the output stream when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .
remove every generated files corresponding to a wiki .
immediately initialize the default web socket upgrade filter .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
obtains an instance of offset time from a date - time object .
in the latter case , we can ' t assume that the cwd is writable .
adds a task to the queue and makes sure a worker thread is running , unless the queue has been suspended .
re - loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .
queries this contact source for the given query string .
opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .
convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .
have the application obtain and close the caching provider instance for the configured hazelcast library .
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
starts a program with the specified argument overrides .
if labels = " " , settings with any label are returned .
if keys = " abc , def " , settings with a key equal to " abc " or " def " are returned .
builds a stream cut , mapping the segments of a stream to their offsets from a position object .
usage : ascii and space char are integers : 0 = leave , 1 = ascii , 2 = fullwidth .
returns an immutable list containing ten elements .
search if the given map has given the package format .
test value count
sets the contact points to use for the initial connection to the cluster .
resolve alternatives ( relative to path manager . get home path ( ) ) and return absolute path of the first one which resolves to existing directory
( try to ) create an arpeggiato inter .
converts an int int open hash map into a flat int [ ] array .
adds next ssrc group information update request to request type # channel _ info _ update query currently being built .
inserts a shadow page as needed .
returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .
loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given resource loader .
returns an induced subgraph of graph .
if there ' s no specific value in the component for that key , first attempt to return the key ' s global default .
searches for a ballerina project using outward recursion starting from the file directory , until the given root directory is found .
tries to resolve a table path to a catalog table operation .
in particular , this method just computes math . exp ( log gamma ( x ) ) anyway .
get the content of this element .
creates an ubqualifier from the given arrays and offsets .
calls plugin # did declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins
attempts to get the underlying value backed by a base value linked to the provided key .
returns the list of subtitles for the chart .
sets the ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .
returns a zoned date - time formed from this time at the specified date .
helper function that converts the components from ( and including ) start pos to ( and including ) end pos into its string representation .
enters the given tree ( se # scan ( jctree ) .
generates a code sample for using file client # upload range from url with response ( long , long , long , uri ,
the rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
serialize the given token stream into a byte array using the provided attribute serializer ( s ) .
note that the writing process does not start until the returned mono is subscribed to .
getter for # allow only requested headers
get the root reference for the given map id .
ensures that the given node , or a versionable ancestor , is checked out .
this is useful when the default servlet cannot be auto - detected , for example when it has been manually configured .
if the timeout elapses without a result , null will be returned .
tells if the value can be used as the " el function " parameter to # combine ( template model , template method model ex ) .
create an instance of jaxbelement
sets the title .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
the caller must check for null return value .
( shiro ' s default authenticator allows null ips to allow localhost and proxy server environments ) .
implements the " in " operator .
sets the session manager session manager to which this delegating session will delegate its method calls .
recursively split based on given reg ex .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .
releases the compilation options .
this accepts locators starting with ' classpath : ' or ' file : ' .
this test will create object _ num of objects in an smrmap .
copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , hll _ 8 , on the heap .
sets the filed name .
this method loads the image from the blender file itself .
remove select events , do so via # remove event ( base event ) .
writes an embedded resource to a temp file .
setter for # expose headers
deletes all blob files associated with this core name .
request password reset # # # functional description : request an email with a request token for a certain user to reset his / her password .
setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media source . . . ) .
returns a controller result for session to get notification back .
the conversion extracts and combines the local date and local time .
determine the executor service used to close connections .
process the potential key signature of the assigned staff .
reads the target platform attribute
convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .
generates the jaxp . properties with the specified content .
invokes httpsampler base # read response ( sample result , input stream , int )
the returned instance will profiles # matches ( active profiles ) matches if any one of the given profile strings match .
is a value with this type less than or equal to the length of array ?
note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block
record an execution event for a container or test that started .
test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .
this implementation opens a file input stream for the underlying file .
code snippet for blob async client base # download with response ( blob range , reliable download options ,
generates a file name for the call based on the current date .
retrieve all schedules for a given namespace which were updated to status suspended between start time and end time .
returns whether or not specified svgelement fits this svg selector attribute conditions .
can we use
returns the available edit groups .
initialize level value of root as 0 .
note that even prefetch config # max fetch capacity bytes is 0 , at least 1 file is always fetched .
reads a collection of values from an input stream .
return a json object to be appended to the row data .
verify that at most max entries per session can be put in the cache
returns a year month with the specified epoch - month .
free the memory that was allocated with # allocate memory .
the timestamp for the most recent update to the dialog node .
return . . svc . cluster . local
allows user customization for the oauth2 token validator
returns a take receive port that can provide at most count messages from channel .
key in shared preferences which stores whether the passed permission has been asked for
code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with response ( blob httpheaders , blob access conditions )
i . e . index 0 of the new time series will be index start index of this time series .
is a value with this type less than the length of any of the arrays ?
set the pattern for the test set files .
obtains all registered camera capture callback callbacks .
set type of the trigger .
in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .
the option is a : type .
this is provided for the event kind : - vmupdate
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
all of the types returned are immutable .
base function instances , calling base function # configure ( skylark signature ) .
registers view and notifies listeners .
sentry robots cannot move outside this border or do any harm to other robots outside this border .
it is not recommended to expand large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .
see basic authorization interceptor for details .
modifications are acceptable unless they affect a standard field ( such as " author " ) besides the " keywords " or " groups ' field .
the key import options is required and its fields key import options # get name ( ) name and
date - a plain date object representing plain log record # get millis event time of the log record .
orchestrates the creation of a terminal pane , then connects to it .
this method will just return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .
if the key already exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .
parses longitude out of a given string .
deployment config that controls it .
the option will be converted to a
return the transfer data of type data flavor from input stream
returns all jar resources indicated to contain native library files ( . dll , . so etc . )
locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .
adds an entry for the given astnode to the stack trace .
tests the specifying heap memory with config default value for job manager and task manager .
ensure that the service still exists .
sets the available site selector options .
create an instance of jaxbelement
it retries downloading # max fetch retry times and throws an exception .
returns the list of buffer edge - fragments on the bounds of the current fragment , which should be potentially merged with fragments from the neighbor buffer fragments .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
returns a texture region based on the so called state time .
amazon redshift returns all parameter groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
users with jenkins # administer may be allowed to do it using # show _ token _ to _ admins .
closes the window , i . e . , if the parent is not null and implements the window listener interface it calls the window closing method
get the file content language property : specifies the natural languages used by this resource .
returns the flow table for specified device .
triggers the failure strategy with the given failure message .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
builds an intent for stopping all downloads .
highlights the value at the given x - value in the given data set .
this is the largest positive power of b that equal to or less than the given n .
close and free all connections from the pool .
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of ' list of eint ' .
creates new week in the utc timezone .
whether we allow the first parameter to be included as a label in the signature .
the playback of the prefetched content should start in the later calls of session player2 # play ( ) .
gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to the certificate store map .
create an array of bean property sql parameter source objects populated with data from the values passed in .
extract the values of given fields / properties from the array ' s elements under test into a new array composed of
for simplicity , all sensors are synchronized on sensor .
deletes the specified key .
skip until the given string is matched in the stream , but ignoring chars initially escaped by a ' \ ' .
writes this coord4 d ' s data to a byte buf for packet transfer .
method that returns delete json method
by default this is set to server codec configurer with defaults .
use another separate queue to store levels as integers .
returns the valid setting names that aren ' t configuration - only .
create producer based on uri endpoint
the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at least one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
queries this search source for the given query string .
create a list of klusters from whatever type is passed in as the prior
the only other valid location for ' ' is inside a string literal .
new attribute statement .
the # get product type ( ) product type must be etd product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .
collapses given row , removing all its subtrees .
verifies that put ( key ) method called on cache in full _ sync mode returns only when all affinity nodes for this key finished writing binary metadata .
deletes all responses given by a team .
an empty query indicates that the app may prefetch any music .
to be executed by monitor process to ask for child process termination
returns the script .
this function acts as system . array copy ( ) but for byte buffers .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
returns an immutable list of the extensions on this message in tag order .
cleans the views in this schema .
in case of failure the flux will error .
this method will retrieve one external source entry resource based on the external source for the given
assert the primary value of the named response header as a date string , using the preferred date format described in rfc 7231 .
group : producer
tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .
adds a control metadata .
group : common
map field name to the new name .
returns whether this step deploys to the given region
returns new child style id container .
tests resilency when d2 device is suspended .
creates a fresh authentication session for the given realm and client .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of local date .
setter for # expose headers
unsubscribe for changes to the children of the parent , which was previously subscribed with # subscribe ( string , bundle ) .
return value of the selected option in the option group
called when this minion dies ( destroyed )
gets the extension of a filename .
registers the given connection manager with this reaper ;
annotate for coreference ( statistical )
test queries to notes table including selection args
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .
checks if the predicates are successful for the specified item .
call this once , to enable or disable debug logs .
generates code sample for using configuration client # add setting ( string , string , string )
converts amf value to something human - readable .
the first check runs only if extractor parameters # get extract independently ( ) is false .
any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other
initializes this permission set with the current user and the user to whom the permissions in this set are granted .
return the http headers backing header related accessor methods .
if above id is blank or not found , id will be placed last in the list .
inspect all measure voices for those that start in first slot and exhibit a duration which is exactly 3 / 2 times the measure expected duration .
allows fluent conversion to another type via a function callback .
writes an entry to the cache .
the label for the c api .
implements operator . mult .
returns the the number of editor columns if it was set by # set columns ( integer ) or in the screen xml .
federated add graph handler didn ' t set the adding user .
this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before
this can be called before we get the full set of applications , we should merge the results only in on apps updated ( ) which is idempotent .
returns a new partitioner . on virtual nodes based on the partition key token .
tests the inode tree # create path ( rpc context , locked inode path , create path options ) method for creating directories .
or throws a com . liferay . opensocial . no such oauth token exception if it could not be found .
note that a mutable long isn ' t and can ' t be equal to an long .
parses the timestamp from the collection list and returns them in reverse sorted order ( most recent 1st )
sets the output .
or throws a com . liferay . sync . no such dlobject exception if it could not be found .
tests that when an etag is passed to delete it will only delete if the current representation of the setting has the etag .
negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a null origin .
the returned set is a view of the keys in this object .
do nothing if base configuration # nocomment is set to true .
attaches an application created from a wadl description document available at a given uri .
parses basic1 dmatrix from the given matrix market string .
tests that require additional polyglot engine global symbols should override this , which will be called just prior to the evaluation .
this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .
we do not affect the listener here because it would be redundant to handling already done in limiter releasing callback .
set the server bindings
generates the jaxp . properties with the specified content .
sets the element option bar .
aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal sources have been fulfilled .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
creates a " delta clone " of this map , where only the differences are represented .
this will only consider it a match if the a new segment ( following slash ) or the end of the path immediately follows segments .
so if you want to be sure that your iclass cache is handled in all situations then call this method twice with your implementations .
returns true if the button ' s text should be bold .
see block flower pot # get actual state ( iblock state , iblock access , block pos )
test method for com . hazelcast . config . group config # get name ( ) .
gets the units of this drug order
get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .
set is reversed with original accounting .
implements operator . percent .
this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .
provide custom layout handler .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
triggers a stack trace sample for a operator to gather the back pressure statistics .
the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
generates a code sample for using share directory client # create sub directory with response ( string ,
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets new reference to partition counters page ( logical cache sizes ) .
final , because its called by a constructor .
provided painter can be null in which case current painter will be uninstalled .
convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying exception , or null if it isn ' t one .
see equivalence method for more info .
return a bucket that can be used to provide local storage under the given namespace .
get service locator .
caller should ensure dep not running .
grant authorites mapper process .
returns the location of the output directory from the configuration or the temporary directory if not defined .
returns the java method name for the given method descriptor .
sets the disambiguation .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
indicates if the connection is ready to handle new messages .
gets the border colour of the element , as a html rgb hex string ( e . g .
register an error channel in the given bean definition registry .
default bundle cache documentation for more details its configuration options .
full - control mode in your organization in the aws organizations user guide .
close pull request closes pull request if rebase mode .
set type .
indicates if an expression has the specified compiler property .
can be used to register a iblock state as a valid soil .
returns the pivot of a view on a specific axis , when overshooting at the start .
returns a copy of this qualifier with array - offset pairs where in the original the offset contains an access of an array length in arrays .
an empty sorted doc values which returns sorted set doc values # no _ more _ ords for every document
logs a time series point in warning level .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
the amount of real time , in nanoseconds , is given by the expression 1000000 timeout + nanos .
returns true if the button ' s text should be italic .
returns the global index .
returns true if the given identifier is a legal java identifier .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
sets the store generic responses .
adds a message to the console without new line at the end
this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot .
method to add loose configs in expanded ( non - archive ) format
get the edu . stanford . nlp . international . language object corresponding to the given language string .
bind the module handler callback service - called from ds .
gets the package name from the canonical name .
returns a builder for a query parameter value object with given value .
returns the j i r a action with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraaction exception if it could not be found .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
create an instance of jaxbelement
returns the current state of the parameters as an array by parameter index .
notify this session that sync completed / failed with given node pair .
shared actions are tolerated .
inet address list will be non - null and throwable will be null in the case of a successful dns lookup .
this method calls # create record reader ( map , input stream , component log ) with attributes of the specified flow file .
map method name to the new name .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
inverse of # bson jackson ( string )
this operation will ignore blanks .
returns an array containing all of the instructions in this list .
list of summary listener instances
the simplest way to create a pii token .
gets the id of the underlying metric .
encode a pi action group to a action profile group .
this is because the members ( and action parameters ) all reference the domain classs , so these need to exist first .
tests of " jar : file : " based uris
snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy # list
logs a time series point in info level .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a byte - array representation of a big integer .
doc values query ) will return matches # match _ with _ no _ terms
should execute action on node by specific node in request .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
set the conflict resolution policy for the container .
getter for # allow only requested header
create an instance of jaxbelement
static mary header writer
key import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .
gets the icon url of the application , if present and in a supported format .
anonymous : cross - origin cors requests for the element will not have the credentials flag set .
called when a controller requested to prefetch playback from a search query through media controller2 # prefetch from search ( string , bundle ) .
check if given coordinates lies inside content rect minus all margins .
returns list of nodes filtered based on this nodes accept policy .
converts a template name to its corresponding foo params class name .
creates a key that is used for the lookup in redis .
binds the specified service under the specified directory of the default virtual host .
print a list of taglets that might conflict with standard tags in the future and a list of standard tags that have been overriden .
creates this file as a folder .
format and publish a log record .
if - - controller parameter has not been specified , - - entity parameter will not be visible
checks if the given user exists in the current tenant
this includes @ type , @ this , @ extends , @ implements , @ param , @ throws , and .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . create sub directory # string
copies the full - text options from the specified database meta data .
once the session is open , the client will transition to the state # connected state and the returned completable future will be completed .
writes the representation to an appendable sequence of characters .
invalidates a session .
the simplest way to create a bank account token .
important : after you create a db cluster parameter group , you should wait at least 5 minutes before creating your first db cluster that uses that db cluster parameter group as the default parameter group .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
calculates location of caret and displays the suggestion popup .
calls deallocate ( ) .
count the total file size , including id files , of store files .
throw an illegal state exception that indicates more than the requested amount was produced .
returns a new service decorator that tracks request stats using meter registry .
registers a listener to be notified of the contents of the property file
the minimum coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .
get the sla from the dag node config .
aggregates the service , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .
to sslhost config info .
therefore a client that is pinned this way should be used to only make requests to urls with passed certificate .
takes a package and a relative path to a resource and returns an absolute path to the resource .
for example , the period in days between two dates can be calculated using start date . period until ( end date , days ) .
computes loglikelihood given class values and estimated probablities .
undecorates this backoff to find the backoff which is an instance of the specified backoff type .
calculate sum of all elements in a column , and return as a vector
produce a line of the co nll output .
validates that the given directory belongs to a jdk installation .
get path to the lwjgl cache directory
removes all values in ' fields ' that are not specified in ' field mask ' .
defaults to executor service builder # default query executor service builder ( ) .
download or stream an image ( media ) from an shared album .
returns the session instance .
returns active hierarchy mapper
returns the first player that matches the given media info or format .
adds a new constant _ integer _ info or constant _ float _ info to the constant pool of this symbol table .
return the template language type name of callable class , as it should be shown in error messages .
sets all the provided settings including secure settings
convert to http http or scheme uris .
binds the properties to the target object , and removes the property that was bound from properties .
get reconciled .
build condition .
resolve intervals from an interval argument collection and a read - count file .
get the collation value extracted from the query annotation .
tests if the given analysis method is from language class .
returns a value of utc milliseconds representing today for the device ' s current timezone .
returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( action config , class [ ] ) expanding .
returns the specified session .
the value # member _ endpointsl _ default or system property # member _ endpoints _ prop _ name if set .
converts an entity ( pojo ) to a dbobject .
returns child sub - scorers positioned on the current document
returns the method or constructor containing the new expression represented by this object .
creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . store . plugin bundle update information plugin bundle update information ' .
if no byte is available because the end of the stream has been reached , the value is returned .
copy up to len bytes into the byte array , starting at the given offset .
tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play
same as above with an additional parameter to allow passing in the threshold checker
returns an immutable list containing four elements .
writes a foo params subclass for the given template .
read string object from file
use the plain # add pickup ( pickup , time window ) instead .
opens an index reader from the directory provider ( not using the index writer )
returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # parent parent layer .
the size of tag and non - null value in the wire format .
load the sheet images , if available .
when requesting 2 transactions from the same session we expect to receive 2 different objects
load the profile definitions from a file .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
transfer any namespaces to the root tag of the current document update all attribute prefixes for namespaces to match those in the root tag
get natural account .
code snippets for blob client base # set httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions , duration ,
returns the list of not - yet - succeeded run - always steps whose run - always prerequisites have all succeeded .
set the non - stroking color in the device rgb color space .
provides a google credential with delegated admin access for a g suite domain .
tests the ability to register , invoke and auto - unregister cache utilization provider . cleanup listener instances .
stores the specified location that corresponds to the specified key .
sets the host address associated with this exception .
if thread is null , the list is immutable .
this factory converts the arbitrary date - time object to an instance of offset date .
checks whether the variable is initialized via a cast expression from a method parameter .
get external back a map of all the rows in the table , the map is keyed on the tables key
sets the given span ' s last access timestamp .
sets the location .
sets the value of this combo box .
an alternative to # set media types for use in java code .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
same as # is pipeline config set ( pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .
test affinity awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .
get status of given rotation , if any
execute the alter class .
returns whether the rule in the given rule context is in a whitelist .
returns the number of sync d l objects where company id = ?
creates and caches a test base event instance for the scope of the current test method .
initializes fresco with the specified config .
return an interval stream of with n number of ticks and buffer the emissions to avoid back pressure failures ( e . g .
do not call this method with set size less than 2 .
entries are evicted from the dynamic table until the size of the table and the new header field is less than the table ' s capacity .
format : interface : version : group
snippet com . azure . storage . queue . queue async client . set access policy with response # list
in case of failure the flux will error .
clear saved activity
it means that fields bound after this method call won ' t be set read - only .
increment the count of triggered lazy state updates ( by one ) .
relevant are the framework url , the framework name and the karaf version , since all of those parameters are relevant to decide which wrapper configurations to use .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
gets the price that was traded , in decimal form .
returns the ( biased ) skew of all the values within a dataset
generates a code sample for using file async client # start copy with response ( string , map )
use the supplied truststore for https requests .
converts this sensitivity to a monetary value , multiplying by the specified factor .
- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .
sets the given eclipse target monitor .
set the file content md5 property : sets the file ' s md5 hash .
look for a bar line vertically aligned with the ending side .
set the bases of tumor seq allele1 in the gencode funcotation .
try to postpone the math . exp call to preserve numeric range !
deletes the entire row of the sweepable timestamps table .
attaches an existing database .
fetches the packlet info stored in the memory for mpacks / mpack _ id call .
iterate over registered handler method argument resolvers and invoke the one that supports it .
get maximum level .
builtin function instances , calling builtin function # configure ( skylark signature ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
is a value with this type less than the length of the array ?
a class type an interface type an array type a parameterized type a type variable the null type
creates an update that removes from the array value of the field with the given name all elements that match the given filter .
sets a spannable text with any highlight color into the provided text view .
gets the value of the ' public port ' field
indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id
get an implementation of job specification service if one hasn ' t already been defined .
get account element .
checks that screen was closed with the given result .
see url html
converts from cpu profiler . cpu profiler configuration to cpu profiler config
register a method observer with the current context ( provided ) .
sets start margin of text view depending on icon type .
queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query string .
returns the java type corresponding to the given type descriptor .
sets a boolean attribute on the given element .
delete ticket granting tickets int .
tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries without a sync check .
makes a unique key for the paired reads .
to provide custom values for any of the parameters , you must modify the group after creating it using
parses the ' resource info ' annotation and builds swagger operation .
get the object being interacted with .
set to true to use the runtimetimer thread for the work , or false to use the current thread .
this is necessary because this class only keeps weak references to the fcpplugin client objects .
send full topology to gmc .
objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list element
this method also sets the # set created secondary unit ( ) .
verifies that no proxied assertion methods have failed .
decorates all services with the specified decorator .
gets the list of registrar : set - of - threat - match pairings from the file in gcs .
get upc / ean .
returns the class name remote service .
get an iterator to the vector contents .
creates a for - comprehension of 6 iterables .
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
any sensitivities of the same type will be combined using currency parameter sensitivities # combined with ( currency parameter sensitivities ) .
gets the id for the given byte value .
gets the type against which the expression is tested .
run an mrtask job to add up sums in @ _ sums
detects whether a java agent is attached .
returns the inet address from where the authentication attempt occurs .
creates an audit entry for the ' service version updated ' event .
applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .
stores xcap _ password property .
accepts only urls with ' file ' protocol .
construct a trident data source .
test of set params method , of class new agent connector .
otherwise if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .
if the caller ' s module is this module then update this module to open the given package to the given module .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
code snippets for configuration async client # add setting ( string , string , string )
note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
returns default capabilities of the classifier .
gets the value of the value property .
uses regular and super source compilation unit type name indexes to determine whether a compilation unit of any kind is present that matches the given type name .
this version avoids any possibility of overflow .
code snippets for blob async client base # start copy from url ( string )
get the date that this token was created
scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
returns an immutable list containing one element .
see # record program running ( program id , string , long , string , byte [ ] )
gets the encryption scope used to encrypt this blob ' s content on the server .
' s slurp crawler @ param value the value to set .
gets the value of the ' in memory ' field
construct a new instance of an execution that finished with the provided test execution result .
gets the prefix from a full filename , such as or .
for localizing the error message , use # set required ( serializable function ) .
append program run id fields and flush to file .
setter for # allow methods
nullifies read position and listeners .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
if the original qualifier has no array length offsets , then unknown is returned .
must be called in inside a table lock
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
default is
restore a lockable random access thing from a data input stream .
if disabled the map is only shown once .
deletes the entire row of the sweepable timestamps table .
sets the single character used for escaping the quote character inside an already escaped value .
then the length of longest increasing subsequence can increase by 1 .
when an interceptor throws an unexpected exception , asynchronous callers are left hanging .
create the default request used when asking for the upgrade plan on a namespace .
creates minimal http async client instance that provides essential http / 2 transport only .
returns the time when the entry will expire based on the supplied expiration function .
this is done as element returned by the # get data series ( ) is expected to be the thread root capture node .
converts w into a pinhole camera model by inverting w and extracting the non - zero elements
returns the number of output frames that can be read with # get output ( short buffer ) .
required parameter format : date : dd / mm / yyyy hour : hh min : mm
an alternative to # set media types for use in java code .
tuple ( a simple data structure ) , this new array becoming the array under test .
links a new concept to this shard .
tests that the writable partitions returned by the helix cluster manager is the same as the writable partitions in the cluster .
get image width setting from the image width site setting string .
also , run verify commands in case some collection was using " $ latest " version of this package and got auto - updated .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the minimum session timeout .
helper method to lookup a dao if it has already been associated with the class .
code installed by truffle is low grade if it was produced in the low grade compilation mode .
finds all under file system factory extensions from the extensions directory and caches .
if we have a jaas entry use gssapi otherwise plain .
sets the class name persistence .
create an instance of response . fixed . category
waits during timeout until text extracted from specified web element by
no validation is performed on the date - time other than ensuring it is not null .
returns true if the given char sequence is a legal java identifier , otherwise false .
converts this template into an argument type validator .
is grand type supported service .
if intervals are not specified in the interval argument collection , they are taken from the read - count file .
assign the ( right ) barline that ends this measure
assert that the given object is lenient equals by ignoring null fields value on other object .
creates a cluster using # repo version2110 with zoo keeper installed .
returns the value of the specified option for this configuration or null if the option isn ' t recognized .
integers 0 . . . n .
report , in the sample sheet whose id is provided , all samples assigned the desired shape .
opens a titan graph database .
snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . restore key # byte
waits until text extracted from specified web element by
equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same keys method .
write binary data to a file and reference the file on disk at the given file node
build ghost image based on provided interline value .
prints out the created certificate issuer details when a response has been received .
ldap connection .
set the file content encoding property : specifies which content encodings have been applied to the file .
note that that my sql and sql server instead use alter column base attributes ( )
by default , it calls back the registered listener provided by # get listener ( ) .
override to allow subclasses of skin to be loaded .
tests resilency when egress device is down .
binds the http context .
removes the edges beyond lifetime and neurons without emanating edges .
parses tags while the span is in scope ( for logging for example )
returns true if the slide is fully hidden
create or obtain a callable statement from the pool .
gets whether or not the configuration setting is locked .
send a message to a given endpoint .
similar to # when or else ( boolean , action , action ) , except obtains the action instance from the registry by the given type .
the system modules are typically linked into the java run - time image .
code snippets for blob client base # start copy from url ( string )
in order to apply the rotation transformation to an existing transformation , use # rotate ( quaterniond ) rotate ( ) instead .
for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .
called by fast batching cell reader . load aggregation where the
force triggering of a job for given application .
registers a callback to be invoked when a view type change is done .
this is the same than the column type , except for collections where it ' s the ' value comparator ' of the collection .
add a server to the known list of servers .
this feature collects stack trace in advance , when task is created , so that if the task throws the exception then the parent stack trace is appended to it .
partial query to filter out cc and java implicit dependencies .
test of var method , of class kernel density .
desintalls an artifact from the mule container installation .
registers additional madvoc components that will be registered after default components .
retrieves the metadata for the specified namespaced entity id .
writes a collection of values to a character stream .
draws the description text in the bottom right corner of the chart
if the cipher is an asymmetric cipher ( different keys for encryption and decryption , such as public / private key pairs ) , you should set your encryption key via one of these methods :
sets the server port .
iterate over all the secret properties secret by page and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .
the returned rx dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .
return all the keys that mapped to value at timestamp .
return a simulated for each block in the database .
lhs pattern : = question ?
set the value type .
' s slurp crawler @ param value the value to set .
helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .
get software version info # # # functional description : public software version information .
the log any failure parameter indicates whether or not alluxio exceptions are expected results ( for example it would be false for the exists ( ) call ) .
get name of the cosmos db sql stored procedure .
returns the modules specified in the config file .
returns a set of unshifted ip addresses .
params , request type and options defaults to null .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the hour portion of a date as a number between 0 and 23 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
code snippet for block blob async client # stage block from url ( string , url , blob range )
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
compares this charset with the given charset .
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
returns if this has any mapping for the specified column definition .
important : a type already exists fault is returned if the type already exists in the domain .
issues m capture request configs to camera capture session .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified date - to form an instance of zoned date time .
configure a ssl config for the cluster using the legacy configuration
get a color string from a warning index
use the pluggable parameters directly . . .
sets the value of the spid property .
sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the top
get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .
this method obtains all necessary information about fields from entity and returns a list of field metadata .
test of print method , of class integer histogram .
instead displays the videos only , does not map videos to participants and does not display participants who do not have videos .
this signature is the one specified in the constructor ( see # signature reader ( string ) signature reader ) .
second scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press button in the 2nd window - > 3rd window appears on top , press esc three times - > all windows should be closed
for all other attribute types this method throws an
public factory method .
creates a message channel that targets all the online players and the console .
generates a code sample for using share async client # create file with response ( string , long , file httpheaders ,
lhs pattern : = question ?
group : common
if no authority is found a default agency is created and returned .
obtains an instance of local date time from a date - time object .
get exclude of total calculation .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the java type corresponding to the given internal name .
generate a challenge reason from a string .
create an instance of jaxbelement
get schema of the cosmos db cassandra table .
query may be randomly wrapped in a boolean query with a term that matches no documents in order to trigger coord logic .
see the default reader config class in the extractionconfigs package for available settings .
list parts operation requires a multipart upload id since parts are associated with a single upload .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if there are too many arguments , then the excess arguments are ignored .
returns the object with the settings used for calls to label audio .
tests the creation of a message authentication code for the sha1 algorithm .
the desired repository for every service and component is changed <
the max party size of the server 0 or less for no size limit
returns a copy of this zoned date time changing the zone offset to the later of the two valid offsets at a local time - line overlap .
this is the case if we find a non - optional association .
sets the bytecode compatibility mode
queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .
get the allowed users on some resources .
gets the name minus the path from a full filename .
converts the specified article create / update / latest comment time ( long ) to date type .
returns an immutable map containing seven mappings .
returns whether re - ordering of files is needed .
the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .
loads the values of a table stored in a text file as a results table .
resolves a collection of root modules , with service binding , to create configuration .
creates a new unformatted translatable text . builder with the given translation and arguments .
checks permission to a cluster action for a given request .
returns the first registered domain service implementing the requested type .
creates a default dbscan
description = " weld - 80 "
code snippet for block blob async client # stage block with response ( string , flux , long , string )
code snippets for blob client # set httpheaders ( blob httpheaders )
if neither continuing or ended will default to show tools . status # unknown .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
todo : change this into get track info ( )
sets decryption as failed
indicates if the processing loop can continue .
the current checkpoint which can be advanced by # mark seq no as completed ( long ) .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
this property is defined by jdbc as for use with gui ( or other ) tools that might deploy the datasource .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
and repository id = ? .
tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
add a new taglet .
adds a log4j bridge handler instance to jul ' s root logger .
build and setup a new es settings builder by consulting all titan config options relevant to transport client or node .
when the file is being requested on this path , null should returned and no exception should be thrown .
returns the subset of nodes matching the given node type
locking the date - time to a single offset means that any future calculations , such as addition or subtraction , are guaranteed to work without any complex side effects due to time - zone rules .
return ( perhaps after creation ) the flock based on provided best sample .
set the connection and socket timeout .
structural specification for more details .
the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
validates whether hash in signature algorithm is safe to use for digital signature .
retrieves a matching swagger property for a provided ballerina type .
timed invoke any ( empty collection ) throws iae
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
data are saved to temporary storage only and are accessible during this session life only and only from this session instance .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
or throws a com . liferay . so . no such member request exception if it could not be found .
if - - entity parameter has been specified , - - interface parameter will be mandatory .
returns the first router available .
creates a new schema info level builder with settings for maximum schema information .
determines whether or not the delete data source action should be enabled
returns the object with the settings used for calls to label audio .
returns the schema version of the given shared realm .
however , this can be modified by calling # set reader factory ( configuration reader factory ) set reader factory .
unsafe version of : # shaderc _ spvc _ result _ get _ messages result _ get _ messages
create an instance of jaxbelement
load a java class object for the given class name using the classpath environment variable .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
" type " and " name " and a validation logic for the given full key .
once this method returns , the combined use case configuration can be retrieved with # get use case configuration ( ) .
start building a new factory class - based service binding .
note that this rule will be inserted in vni table ( table 0 ) .
starts book keeper and sets up rocks db .
runs the logic to dispatch any responses to the current listeners until # _ is running is false .
consider calling aar resource repository cache . get source repository instead of this method .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
does not consume anything .
finds a rule instance for the given rule class name
this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .
checks is s1 starts with s2 ( compares ascii tolerant )
the field in the key determines whether a poolable prepared statement or poolable callable statement is created .
sets the reorder mode of this edit session .
this code should be expanded to deal with any other context sensitve isses data stores tend to have .
try to load norms data from the provided input stream .
add a duration with the given time unit .
name of schedule
get tree .
whether this codec is capable of processing the given java type .
tells if the avatar / display name events must be hidden in the messages list .
instructor google id already has instructor privileges .
configure the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .
constuct a trace log event .
calculate the result code of the disablement of one plugin based in what went on during the process of this one and its dependant plugins .
sets a media source to be used by the test runner .
if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .
object chooser , this becomes the selected item ( and added to the chooser if necessary ) .
determines if an dracoon account is automatically created for a new user who successfully logs on with his / her ad account .
gets the update strategy . .
get the estimator type
returns the the factor type of this challenge .
specifies the button ' s background color as an alpha - red - green - blue integer .
we will also set the longest phase spawn runner name to the longest running spawn runner name across all phases .
the generated hot stream is not pausable , for a pausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed pausable hot stream ( executor ) .
calculates all distances of atoms between this cell and the given cell returning those that are within the given cutoff as a list of atom contacts
the destination would be what would distinguish an " file appender " from a " network appender " .
a requirement is considered complete if it has associated tests and all of the tests are successfull .
edits existing notification schema .
adds an value to values .
the key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
this method is called when put is already happened .
helper method that allows for registration of a regexp to the class white list .
returns all ids that have records in the provided segment .
get service locator dynamic configuration dynamic configuration .
sets the journal serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .
if the old password is supplied , the update will be made by rebinding as the user , thus modifying the password using the user ' s permissions .
removes a key from the map if the corresponding map is empty .
returns the lucene document with the given root path from the index .
notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source for receiving events described by the named event
the key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
deletes the specified resources .
since this is the same for every shard it picks jda # get application info ( ) from any shard .
at the moment this method returns only under mac os x version ( and up ) and with java version ( and up ) .
set the fragment associated with this destination
otherwise this returns the result of cell # get cell type enum ( ) .
get assisted query column .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
removes recursively all empty parent directories up to and excluding the output directory .
return the configured # set proxy ping ( boolean )
returns a map for short time zone ids in bcp47 unicode extension and the long time zone ids .
use # set date ( date ) to change the current date .
provides a list of all connection wrappers corresponding to a current environment .
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
the name is a ' / ' - separated path name that identifies the resource .
creates all content types .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .
set the number of expected records for this task .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns true if there is at least one workspace running ( it ' s status is different from
or throws a com . liferay . sync . no such dlfile version diff exception if it could not be found .
once the generated root glide module is written , we expect to be finished .
provides a function that updates the payload value of an base event by replacing it with a cursor provider .
build a data access point , including data service at resource svc
returns ' true ' if the stream is empty .
returns the state variables from template header .
for the given input shape / type for the ( perhaps partially constructed ) network configuration , return a map of activation sizes for each layer and vertex in the graph .
hide toggle button " add self hosted / sign in with word press . com " and show self hosted url edit box
convert a date string and time string into a date object .
build a normalized " to string " text for an object .
call android common utils # get resource name ( string , string ) with resource type # layout .
if you ' re asking what is to be used in a production environment , simply use the code inside the statement , but handle the exceptions appropriately .
launch a jnlp slave created by # create jnlp slave ( string )
given a dataset graph and a query , form a dataset graph that is the dynamic dataset from the collection of graphs from the dataset that go to make up the default graph ( union ) and named graphs .
if false , the built - in ( non - cu dnn ) implementation for batch normalization will be used
we don ' t know priority for these , other than definition / model order , which appears to be what excel uses .
returns a reader containing the content text .
clears the value of the ' value type ' field
sets the value of the alg id ext source property .
if keys = " abc1234 " , settings with a key equal to " abc1234 " are returned .
get application registration .
get name of the cosmos db gremlin database .
explicitly does not clone the deep structure of the request object .
the doclet / taglet tests are performed in the begin method , further on , this is to minimize argument processing and most importantly the impact of class loader creation , needed to detect the doclet / taglet class variants .
the addition of a duration is always absolute and zone - resolvers are not required .
the # get product type ( ) product type must be etd product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .
set the file content disposition property : sets the file ' s
kafka metrics of sensors which use sampled stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .
renders this vertex into the given buffer builder , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .
picks a suitable configuration to use for resource resolution
returns query classes whose equals ( ) and hash code ( ) methods can be validated by equals verifier .
verify descriptor in the catalog according to recording id , checking recording files availability and contents .
close all pools associated with this class .
encrypts the byte array by using the configured # get cipher ( ) cipher .
resets the analytics collector for a new playlist .
returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .
called when a track info is selected .
sttc counter .
gets the site selector options .
returns the akismet data with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . akismet . no such data exception if it could not be found .
the secret is required .
same as # is pipeline config set ( long , pi pipeconf , byte buffer ) but blocks execution .
wraps the given buffer with surrounding script tags .
get the abstract files for the selected group
the default cluster load balancer if all others fail .
notify the manager that some local partitions have been demoted from leader .
test always uses the zone default flavor
saves all dictionary entries that appeared > threshold times note : feature indices are changed to contiguous values starting at 0 .
if keys = " " , settings with any key are returned .
allows to capture and then assert on a throwable .
however , since we inject the constant annotation marker the annotation proxy types for ahead - of - time allocated annotations implement two interfaces .
adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a date .
adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder into certificates map .
use _ credentials : cross - origin cors requests for the element will have the credentials flag set .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
use the plain # add delivery ( shipment , time window ) instead .
returns true if the given key stroke is one of this action ' s accelerators .
there must be exactly one bd # search predicate .
default is false .
injector used in fluent object factory for creating instances
embeds a rel whose value comes from a @ link rest repository .
a com . sun . source . tree . tree that determines the appropriate scope for defaults .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method is invoked by virtue of the on start annotation on the on start class class
asserts that the error message , root bean class and invalid value of the given violation are equal to the expected message , root bean class and invalid value .
method handles the case where there are downstream operators awaiting last pass evaluation is not re - triggered by the last ichunk message output from an upstream operator .
tests if the nbt list matches with the supplied predicate tester
check and verify return registration response . decline when failed to start a job master leader retrieval listener
adds default interactions to the specified component .
throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed attempt to execute the call .
redoes the next command associated with the given object ( if one exists ) .
returns a formatted string : " artist - title [ version ] "
finds the source file with the smallest coverage percentage for a given metric .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
adds the given word into the given string buffer with the start and end times from the given features .
get the iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .
is matching by file name and check name .
convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .
returns an immutable map containing two mappings .
add the argument to the value of this long .
output stream output , int dpi , float quality ) for more details .
# # #  further information : nodes must be in same parent .
parses the vector3 represented by the given string according to the format of # to string ( ) .
retrieve list of all jobs by connector
additional tests on key - sig , which may get adjusted .
create an immutable view of this vector3f .
what we do in this method is look for temporary dependencies of the type " rel " .
creates a dynamic realm instance with a given shared realm instance without owning it .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
tests creating a distributed subregion of a local scope region , which should fail .
scenario : - ca is only in service trust store , missing from gateway trust store - gateway does not trust service , as it does not trust ca - service trusts gateway via ca
the min occurs of a web result is 0 .
delete an object from array if it exists
lhs unary : = ( lhs exists | lhs not | lhs eval | lhs forall | lhs accumulate | left _ paren lhs or right _ paren | lhs pattern bind ) semicolon ?
workflow execution terminated event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow with the matching workflow id in the domain .
returns null .
returns the uuid of the request .
customer lock status : ` false ` - unlocked ` true ` - locked all users of this customer will be blocked and can not login anymore .
calls ambry requests # handle requests ( request ) with request and returns the response received .
get the number of listeners of this map
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . delete setting # string - string
returns a collection of proxies for the given id .
test the behavior get object for inet columns .
returns a new attribute transition data instance .
handles the every day key press event .
scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway trusts service certificate directly - service trusts gateway certificate directly
sort a subset of an array of number primitives .
sets validation type for commit context .
sets a new header value .
unbalanced openers and closers can be escaped ( with \ ) .
proactively abandon any maintenance holds ( read or write ) before closing connection .
integers 0 . . . n .
reads a new packet from the channel if all of the current packet is read .
gets the splash url of the guild , if present and in a supported format .
the meta - property for the holidays property .
returns the map of managed transactions .
add a citation to the citations map .
can this user see the given patchset ?
use this when you need customizations such as log integration via plain builder # add scope decorator ( scope decorator ) .
for simplicity , all sensors are synchronized on sensor .
returns the expiration date of the cookie , or null if none exists .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
skip all elements until specified time period has passed
like # default format node file header ( supplier ) with utc as the default time zone .
checks to see if the ast is annotated with the passed in annotation and return the ast representing that annotation .
calculates the minimum of this elements according to their natural order .
set the autoincrement flag and related properties of this column .
creates query for the given search pattern .
returns the default charset used for string decoding and encoding .
argument takes precedence from pid stored in the command session .
returns a path to access to the given resource .
especially notice that a fcpplugin client is safe and intended to be used for multiple messages , you should not obtain a fresh one for every message you send .
basically , this method runs the following instructions :
the generated hot stream is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream ( slightly faster execution ) @ see reactive seq # hot stream ( executor ) .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
get all segments which may include any data in the interval and are flagged as used .
return all locally cross - referenced primary keys for the given persister .
inspects the value of a k entry and stores all mcids that are encountered .
returns the default service endpoint .
sets the selection policy .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete sub directory # string
this call prevents automatic request scope . instance # release ( ) release of the scope instance once the task that runs in the scope has finished .
get account type .
loop over the secret properties secret and call secret client # get secret ( secret properties base secret ) .
sets the transformation of this entity using a safe location from teleport helper # get safe location ( location ) .
this operation requires the certificates / setissuers permission .
tells whether or not this site has any parameters ( cookies , query or form parameters ) .
returns an immutable entry containing the given key and value .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
this is provided for all event kinds except for : - vmupdate
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
type strategy that maps an input type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .
request the close of this client session by sending the request to the consensus module .
convert the attributes if necessary and add them to the profile .
this gives the time elapsed , in seconds , since the last time this event was sent to the given entity ref .
it is sometimes more convenient to use # promise ( observable on subscribe ) over this method .
returns the 4 byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - private key part .
set the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )
shortcut to add a line of generated code
computes factor for given value ; returns this rule ' s factor if matches , or version if not
returns the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .
indicates that this is a boot disk .
@ param value the value to set .
note : the dbsnapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .
methods from interfaces visited early will be overwritten by later ones .
write tag and non - null value to writer .
returns true if field persisted file statuses is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
this adds the specified price index values to the provider .
execute tests via an engine discovery request using the provided test engine .
we select the note head which is closest to slur target end .
creates a capture request configuration . builder contains shared options .
check whether a file with given name and checksum already exists
if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( " " ) , the setting will always be updated .
create parameters necessary for creating an i deal source .
no reply will be send when the queue has been exhausted .
look for and set context declarations .
creates an array containing the elements of this builder .
get the iterable of all providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying instance manager instance manager container .
the default value is 2000 .
constuct a trace log event .
report the higher bound constant
wait for and receive a response .
tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method for a directory with un - synced persistent entries with a sync check .
returns a list of packages available for the current project .
obtains an instance based on the index , specifying the sensitivity currency .
compares that two secrets are equal .
set number of partitions need processed for finished indexes create or rebuilding .
set this matrix to the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond .
gets the value type .
returns the path of the specified client .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
defaults to false .
` deprecated ` : node ids ; use ` items ` attribute
create a copy of topology meta data with only endpoint to host id map .
filter a list of metadata search result record that ensures the logged - in user has a privilege on
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
removes the specified keys from the metadata of the specified namespaced entity id .
return the names of any classes referenced in the annotations in this list or their parameters .
configure the maximum number of parts allowed in a single multipart request .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
build an http ok without any content .
gets the value of the ' keep deleted cells ' field .
create optimize engine instance .
create a instance manager .
returns the key this event concerns .
tests resilency when l2 link is down .
sets the identifier of the action profile .
sets the groups used to find a repo curve .
if the key already exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .
this method returns all defined methods in service interface
creates query for the given search pattern .
this operation requires the certificates / manageissuers / getissuers permission .
the default charset used for string decoding and encoding .
this sets up a pooling data source .
set the etag property : the etag property .
if include _ properties is set , the properties for each protocol will also be printed .
expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and 8 for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .
get locks .
returns a function .
the offset is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result .
this method adds additional iteration listener to existing listeners
key import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .
implements operator . minus .
returns true if passed pubspec declares a flutter dependency .
if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get content language ( context ) .
set minimum level .
the classpath .
this helps yield savings in round trips and latencies , enabling
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
shuts down book keeper and rocks db and cleans up file system directory .
intervals are inclusive of the start instant and exclusive of the end .
appends a string representation of the given access modifiers to # buf buf .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied scheduler , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .
add an async iointerceptor that will be invoked in the reverse order it was added .
configuring analysis schemes in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
standard setter for the rightward label string in this relationship
gets the field name to use when converting from a dbobject
selects tracks for the period and returns the new result if the selection changed .
the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .
returns the set of the fully qualified class names of the providers .
compute an xwiki web jar url ( of the form url ( resource name ) .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified offset - to form an instance of offset time .
sets the human agent assist .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the quorum name for operations .
i need to know chart dimension to remove extra empty spaces , that bad because viewport depends a little on content rect minus all margins .
create a temporary local variable in method body .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
returns the generator function for customizing drag data .
sets the value of the any property .
save cluster .
the array length access has been removed from the offset .
insert an async processor ( with dedicated thread , multiple subscribers )
fails silently if no such student .
get a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .
creates a new data lake directory async client object by concatenating sub directory name to the end of
initialize the timeout length by getting the crl timeout system property .
returns the container with the keys for the currently set locale .
adds metadata to this provider or overrides it if already available .
creates an invalid service status exception .
creates a new file iochannel . enumerator , spreading the channels in a round - robin fashion across the temporary file directories .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the hash code is based upon the package name , and for a qualified export , the set of modules names to which the package is exported .
setter accessor for attribute ' description ' .
returns the uri of the photo in the adapter at the passed position
ensure that the zookeeper socket is available by polling it for up to 2 seconds
the generated hot stream is pausable , for a unpausable hot stream @ see reactive seq # primed hot stream ( executor ) .
this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .
returns a value with the type of the given expression .
builds a path operation .
tests resilency when l2 and l4 link is down .
invoke the method handler as a callable .
the alias is an optional string value located under the # alias key .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
update the keys whose fd ' s have been selected by the devpoll driver .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
find and load all pull files under a base path recursively .
creates builder for prepared delete objects .
value for ' limit ' for selection query < = configured value
returns whether the inode file is fully in memory or not .
create a new mapping mongo converter using the given mongo db factory when loading dbref .
return the bean property that make up the unique id .
until you enable full - control mode , you have access only to shared billing , and you can ' t use any of the advanced account administration features that aws organizations supports .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
executes specified callables on the sequential executor in sequence , one by one .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
set consumers to this carrier .
extract class names from bindable # inherit ( ) attribute .
delete a path from the trie
by default , this method will return an instance of xml configuration reader factory .
total runtime size is 3904 bytes
the negative of ends with is # ends not with .
tests for the base file system # free ( alluxio uri , free options ) method .
bind all providers contained in provider bag ( classes and instances ) using instance manager .
main method to invoke this demo about how to recognize linked entities of a text input .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
initializes the restxq module cache .
takes the detected squares and turns it into a list of position square .
the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
returns the segment size .
get reconciled .
adds a new path selection handler .
opens the given snapshot reader .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .
set the subject value .
classpath / url - based asset source .
creates a histogram of the given arguments
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
to achieve that , use # bind ( bean ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
computes a hash code for this module export .
expected 4 barriers for the serial gc and 8 for g1 ( 4 pre + 4 post ) .
sets the search roots .
this utility is needed for supporting producers + some apps framework utility classes .
changes the default factory .
detector for chessboard targets .
adds a single sensitivity to the builder using a date .
checks if a a fragment of a nal unit from a specific fu - a rtp packet payload is keyframe or not
updates ij1 settings and preferences to reflect values set in ij2 dialogs .
resolves a nameable cluster privilege from a given name if it exists .
it is recommended to bind the service to a server using plain server builder # service ( service with routes , function [ ] )
use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .
returns the google accounts ( see # is google account type ) for this contact list filter .
creates a mock document model bridge that has the specified reference , author and programming rights .
returns a string representation of the specified value .
creates a stackdriver stats exporter for an explicit project id and using explicit credentials .
returns the number of sync d l objects where parent folder id = ? .
set account sign .
this method returns the original edge via its traversal key .
gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .
test of npara method , of class shifted geometric distribution .
a member should only expose a js name when a js name has been assigned and the compilation has been configured to honor those names .
gets the x509 certificate out of the x509 certificate holder and add it to certificates map .
transform a nullable return value into an observable with 0 or 1 element .
returns the session state machine type .
creates query for the given query string .
configuring scaling options in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
return a list of expanded labels in the current tree .
creates an empty payload buffer of the given size and transaction status .
returns a rule that restricts access according to the role of the current authenticated user .
if database is corrupted ( table user _ tokens badly purged for instance ) , then the login may not relate to a valid user .
produces an uncollapsed semantic graph with optional extras .
this creates a child from identifiers extracted from the message message , or a new span if one couldn ' t be extracted .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
generates an in - memory key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .
adds multiple certificates out of a collection of x509 certificate holder into certificates map .
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from
returns true if field jvm version is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
if there are incomplete reads , retry .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . datalake . data lake directory client . delete sub directory # string
or throws a com . liferay . chat . no such status exception if it could not be found .
load the profile definitions from a file .
the notification sent to the sns topic is the same output as returned from describe job .
returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .
the supplied function is invoked for each market data name in this sensitivities .
hardware security modules in the amazon redshift cluster management guide .
the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .
returns this try in the case of a success , otherwise other . get ( ) .
otherwise , the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
use to update your endpoints .
for selection order - by queries , order - by expressions will be put at the front .
get s3 storage configuration # # # functional description : retrieve s3 configuration .
property jhome
return null to speed up exception ( stack trace is not needed for this exception ) .
tests array # tail ( ) .
compiles classes in paths
currently , protocol versions 3 ( 7 . 4 + ) and 2 ( pre - version ) are supported .
record an execution event for a published report entry .
draws the notification .
api allowing to search for documents allowing to have mutliple entries per language
returns the the form type of this form .
note : if the total hit count of the top docs is less than total hits threshold then this value is accurate .
removes all of the instructions of this list .
plays a sound with a random pitch , but excludes one player from hearing it .
applies this migration to the database .
creates query for the given search pattern .
applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .
retrieves the value in queue without removing it .
scheduler class , fixed delay or cron expression to be used
converts a promise into a completable .
during the prefetch , a session should not hold audio focus in order to allow other sessions play seamlessly .
match statement against pattern for alter schedule
partitions all elements from input collection into an output and rejected collection , based on the evaluation of the given predicate .
what we need to do here is to release this pooled connection from our pool . . .
tests global recommend ( set , int ) .
converts an object that represents user flags and can be either skylark nested set , skylark list , or none into iterable .
produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .
if the key already exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .
convert to sql .
generate an info message string relating to given entity persister .
timed invoke any ( , , null ) throws npe
this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback
returns a new base time series that is a subset of this base time series .
decorates and binds the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .
get all non - null values with the given ids for default column
defaults to 0 .
sets the input .
list the roles of the @ param user .
if the offsets list is not empty , then it must be the same size as array .
registers the listener for events matching the service name , topic and filter .
judge contains column from table meta data or not .
asks the check adapter to verify the " total " data items against the calculated values for a single frame .
return a forward - order iterator of this node ' s children .
- will fail , as defaults are relatively safe , and service certificate will not be recognised .
matching is performed using the matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
does a full , blocking rebuild of the indexes specified by columns from the sstables .
adds a single sensitivity to the builder using metadata .
tests that rule - specific licenses are still used by config _ setting .
note : text is always trimmed and to lowercase .
get allocated .
chosen bits are [ 12 , 7 , 2 ]
( try to ) connect this fermata with a suitable barline .
create an instance of jaxbelement
set velocity ( angle in deg ) at which the entity will rotate per tick .
this will clear and cancel all other pending letters .
if the package is not in the module then the resource is not encapsulated .
glacier can notify the topic after it completes the job .
if there is a transaction open , close it before closing the graph .
chaining computations means to begin at a base computation that transforms k1 to r1 , and then using the this method chain a second computation k2 to r2 to create one composed computation of k1 to r2 .
this method should be overridden by file protocols that do not offer a # get output stream ( boolean ) implementation , but that can take an and use it to write the file .
for variants which are underspecified on the left we must explicitly resolve each possible combination of actual left - side values .
returns the number of editable columns .
find out if a given class has is explicitly bound to a scope .
create or obtain a prepared statement from the pool .
finds all implemtaions of data store factory which have registered using the services mechanism , and that have the appropriate libraries on the classpath .
have been added with # activate index ( index descriptor2 ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns unmodifiable map of module name to hash string .
bxse0003 : servlet context required .
you are running on jdk6 which comes with jax - ws 0 api , but this tool requires jax - ws 1 api .
print it into output stream .
to work in test classes without errors being displayed to stderr .
imports nodes w / their properties and labels from input # nodes ( ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the member ' s term .
read one constant from the given file , the type depends on a tag byte .
provider - person - names ( that are not voided )
test module module with a jar file containing a . class file in the top level directory .
the delay is to prevent a race condition between when a blobstore is created and when the topology is submitted .
integers 0 . . . n .
access ( and modify ) a request scoped bean within the stages , but not before .
try to detect a relation between this alter instance and a head nearby ( perhaps with its mirror ) .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
output a description of the current annotation configuration .
for example , if shutting down , the storage layer would also invoke limiter releasing callback # on error ( throwable ) .
get all roles and to the role assignment rights # # # functional description : retrieve a list of all roles and the role assignment rights .
scenario : - no ca inherited trust - gateway does not trust the service - service trusts gateway certificate
for development mode , it should match the module ' s timestamp .
returns the corresponding shape renderer for a given scatter shape .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory client . delete sub directory # string
group : consumer
if the chronology cannot be obtained then an exception will be thrown .
extracts a function signature . with values from a skylark callable - annotated method .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id
returns the distance function .
returns an rx java observable that monitors changes to this realm object .
creates a new instance of block master info from a thrift representation .
locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock mode .
set the agg star list to empty .
updates a module m to export a package to all modules .
inject fields to the provided injectee using the primary injector .
join group and sync group , delegating to # perform assignment ( string , string , map ) if elected leader by the coordinator .
sets media item2 object to render using video view2 .
return rx ratpack . promise single (
set the max minutes per log file .
returns the signature of the function with the given name and arity .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
executes the command within a transaction , and with respect to the specified sudo policy specified in the constructor .
checks if the given json string is correct and produces the given output with unescaping deactivated .
configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the hk2 service locator .
see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .
returns a root provider registry that only supports the impulse primitive .
this method will return if this repository is disabled for object passed as parameter and otherwise .
return the names of any classes referenced in the fields in this list .
converts the given view data into datapoints that can be sent to signal fx .
removes a bundle from the watch list .
this method obtains the extension as the textual part of the filename after the last dot .
delete the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .
use two integers , min and max , to track the range of levels .
helper method that checks if either the deprecated or new so _ keepalive property is present and enabled on an iiop listener , giving precedence to the new property if both are present .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
run eri c with fixed parameters and compare the result to a golden standard .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
test method for ' org . kie . common . asm . class builder . build class ( class definition ) '
transitive reduction of requires public edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .
setter for # allow headers
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .
gets the bond group .
the chronology represents the calendar system in use .
setting raw updates handler provider
sets the ssl context of the default virtual host .
verifies that the port to the broker is available .
computing checksums .
creates a new label name if the given label does not yet have one .
queries this search source for the given query string .
if the database is switched to load some piece of data , this will remember what it should be switched back to .
if the property value starts with the arbitrary prefix , then a system property is returned instead .
the class must be bookmarkable and must extend page .
returns true if the embedded social app key is non - empty
returns the primary conversion type .
construct a agent manifest message from the given job directory manifest .
if the item does not have any children , does nothing .
test for array # members ( ) .
check partiiton state on all nodes by all caches .
if there is currently not resource manager connected , then the request is stashed and send once a new
it creates a topic using kafka producer .
checks that collection @ param col doesn ' t contains string @ param str .
this is not applicable for in - place updates ; use # write ( add update command , long , int ) .
the returned era will be a singleton capable of being compared with the constants in isochrono using the = = operator .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method sets the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project status
return a inet socket address for the local socket .
add a path to the path trie
removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified metadata entity .
overrides the name of the character encoding used in the body of the response .
decorates services under the specified directory .
transaction to apply given .
returns a rule that restricts access by period of time according to the ip address of the request ' s client .
executes pems # x509 certificate ( input supplier , certificate factory ) on the string which contains an x . 509 certificate in pem format .
equivalent to : . weight init ( weight init . distribution ) . dist ( distribution )
append to a string buffer .
get all pinot table names ( server resources ) .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
determines whether the specified charset is supported by this runtime .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
a2 dp bluetooth device ( s ) are available , but current device speaker is activated
adds glyphs for the the specified text .
returns the jaas realm named as realm name .
provide supported thing type uid ' s
it counts length of all frame buffers .
this method will test given class by checking if it is available in service locator that has been injected from the jersey context .
returns the quorum name for queue operations .
returns whether this deployment spec specifies the given zone , either implicitly or explicitly
enable memory random access file access .
gets the msg .
sets the message to human agent .
assert that the named response header does exist .
returns the chain of client certificates , if available and accessible .
the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
this determines the behaviour of tasks if there is an error in their local checkpointing .
turns this streamable into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data
sends a request and returns immediately without getting a response .
add optimized insert value .
creates a token stream that aggregates the outputs of a given set of token streams .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the pivot of a view on a specific axis , when overshooting at the end .
default is to have both left and right buttons pressed when moving .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
code snippet for data lake directory async client # get sub directory async client ( string )
transforms this try by applying either on success to this value or on failure to this cause .
initializes this authenticated user using the given credentials .
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
finds a resolved module in this configuration , or if not in this configuration , the plain # parent parent configurations .
sets the value of the ' public port ' field
sets the quorum name for operations .
should be called when the media session2 # play ( ) is called .
if a notification configuration for a vault is not set , the operation returns a error .
same as # of ( boolean , int ) except with the default number of threads .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
reserve ids used by the predicates or constraints associated with some join graph .
returns the " real " location of the file loaded by the other commands , starting from javatests / .
get the prevent encryption scope override property : the prevent encryption scope override property .
verifies the user ' s pw1 or pw3 with the appropriate mode .
store the engine internals ( model + norms ) , always as user files .
creates changes container with info about changes .
validates that the # operation model is valid for the given configuration provider
returns the module reader for the given module .
the returned rx dao is a special dao that let ' s you interact with rx observables .
remove from cache all entries that match the given predicate .
add to the hash table associated with .
copies the contents from the fist attribute value into the second .
generate a factor status from a string .
setter for # expose only requested header
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
sets the oauth2 access token response client to be used for getting an oauth2 authorized client for client _ credentials grant .
this prints the date - time to the specified destination .
calculates convex hull of all the vertices during build time
gets the set of this charset ' s aliases .
the camel rest component to use for the rest transport , such as restlet , spark - rest .
the comparison is based on the time - line position of the dates .
amazon simple db automatically adjusts the number of items returned per page to enforce this limit .
obtains an instance of offset date from an instant .
amazon redshift returns all security groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
deletes a line .
opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .
set document controlled .
builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .
this will return the secret secret with value included of its latest version .
builds a metastorage key for pending task object .
retrieves all the tags for the specified namespaced entity id .
creates a valid sort operation .
returns the server list for the requested cluster .
` deprecated ` : number of admins ( for rooms only )
setter for # expose headers
creates tag swagger definition .
queries this search source for the given query string .
if we succeeded on both stream in and out , reply back to coordinator
retrieves all the of controller services in this ni fi .
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
sets the title text .
implements the - - run legacy handling .
sets the none of the above prompt .
this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp iterative ( quaterniond , double , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .
if true , given partial blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .
the endpoint type .
decorates services whose route matches the specified path pattern .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the raw transaction data ( trytes ) of a specific transaction .
gets the \ c colour at the corresponding point on the gradient .
if true , given partial blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .
return a new terms in which term of core node name is removed
convert the attribute if necessary and add it to the profile .
removes all the tags from the namespaced entity id
returns the non - empty endpoints of the clusters in the deployment , or empty if the request fails .
the maximum size for # extra data is 32600 bytes .
returns true if field ufs last modification time ms is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
nota : the defining points are meant to be the extrema points inside the parallelogram .
method to check if postgres db is a type of edb .
this bootstraps the layout and the management server with the existing layout which initiates failure handling capabilities on the management server .
we assume # can serialize ( string ) returns or a runtime exception may be thrown .
adjust dates to be within 80 years before and 20 years after instantiation
the method is used to disallow any further command sending until next # connect ( ) call .
primary input method for receiving complex sample buffers from the wideband source ( ie tuner )
get a map of counter names and values
add an asynchronous part with publisher - based content .
indicate to all associated export data sourceto prepare assume mastership role for the given partition id
reads all available bytes from input stream as a byte array .
if the reading user and the target user are not the same , then explicit read or system _ administer access is required .
the option is a type .
queries this search source for the given search pattern .
if you do not close the iterator then the remains open .
the bucket that is included in this file .
encode each value .
checks to make sure that all properties specified in properties are known to the program by checking that each simply overrides a default value .
shuts down the managed channel .
this indicator says if - - default return type parameter should be visible or not .
execute http request and produce a response .
increment the count of triggered asynchronous state updates ( by one ) .
if non - null non - missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .
creates the jdeps file path if needed .
decode an action profile group with members information to a pi action group .
this method retrieves the status object , then blocks waiting for validity prior to returning .
returns the response object with list of dhcp servers without counters .
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
generates a name from some arbitrary text that is both a valid jcr node name and is consistent with other " system names " .
the timestamp for the last update to the counterexample .
returns the highligh info .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this name will contain transaction id and reflect the fact whether transaction is logically committed or not .
note : this method resolves custom data locations for the shard .
print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser .
gets the sslhost config infos .
revise parameters .
always iterates forward , whether or not we are on a forward or backward edge .
for more information about the vault locking process ,
it is not very important to select a precise bar line within a group , since for left end we choose the right - most bar and the opposite for right end .
provides the default google credential from the google cloud runtime .
returns the default option type for property maps for the given value class .
this declaration is of the form " label l xxx = new label ( ) ; " .
merges all the changes in other into this instance .
sets the bottom border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the bottom
show the fragment displaying information about this application .
gets the right value or throws , if the projected either is a left .
runs the shell command which is specified , along with its arguments , in the given array .
returns a graph containing only requires public edges with transitive reduction .
channel number for this isch
retrieves all the properties for the specified namespaced entity id .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method will ensure that you have a right and initialized instance of standalone context aware manager factory .
it tests that the method add edge will silently add the missing nodes to the graph , then add the edge connecting them .
parent will have modified time to set to layer entry # default _ modified _ time .
this defaults to all of the plain action in plain action plugin # get actions ( ) .
add a event log item , but don ' t log .
returns a vector with all the classnames of the specified property in the generic properties creator .
gets the master secret used for encrypting application layer data exchanged in this session .
is grand type supported .
the default implementation is a nop .
return point data dimension count
sets the additional data used for creating new pages .
executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous data store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .
this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given authority name param
calls plugin # did declare getter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) on all the bundled plugins
getter parameter value for file name
to prevent this , implement this method such that it returns an upper bound for the two qualifiers that is wider than the least upper bound .
minguo era is an enum representing the minguo eras of era _ before _ roc / roc .
this will return the key keys with key material included of the specified versions .
the client connection manager is set to pooling http client connection manager .
# # #  further information : overwriting an existing keypair is not possible .
get the current iget and set locator .
returns an adjusted date based on this date .
question is identified by it ' s question number , and the feedback session name and course id of the question .
group : producer
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the acls used by the quorum actor and watcher .
provides a list of all connection wrappers corresponding to a current environment .
returns the user login if the token hash is found , else optional . absent ( ) .
map method name to the new name .
the rsa key create options is required .
if ttl is 60 seconds and specified duration is 20 seconds , refresh will be scheduled in 60 - 20 = 40 seconds .
this condition is most notably false for arrays , where encoded equality does not correspond to java equality .
parses sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .
returns the version of a bundle , as specified by bundle - version in the manifest
appends a value to the file and return it ' s offset .
todo currently not used - but will eventually be called from bx - bot ui
check if kerberos is enabled .
get the representative single event for this cell .
loads the mu commander configuration .
returns an operator version of # run ( observable ) .
creates a new multiplexed thrift call service with the specified service implementations .
the new series holds a copy of all bar bars between start index ( inclusive ) and end index ( exclusive ) of this time series .
generates a code sample for using file async client # set properties ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties , string )
check if the trackable tracking code correspond the the empty reference .
the poller poller allows users to automatically poll on the create certificate operation status .
this method does the same as # check solidity ( hash , boolean , int ) but defaults to an unlimited amount of transactions that are allowed to be traversed .
used to determine if the player can be used , e . g if the binary is accessible .
code snippets for blob async client # set httpheaders with response ( blob http headers , blob access conditions )
if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event listener adapter .
if the provided item is not an expandable it will be filtered as usual by # filter object ( t , string ) .
if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .
this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .
the system modules are typically linked into the java run - time image .
returns whether or not this qualifier has array with offset of - 1 .
sets the ratings entry remote service .
such pixels are marked with a specific color ( green foreground ) so that the template can measure their distance to ( black ) foreground .
gets a list of the unfinished allocations in the order in which those
returns the 4 byte header for bip32 ( hd ) wallet - public key part .
paint inter image , plus a line from inter center to staff reference point if any , plus inter links if any .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the year portion of a date in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
important : if the identified workflow execution was in progress , it is terminated immediately .
creates query that searches for source contacts which match a specific query string .
creates a randomized list of urls for the given shard .
adds a new fragment options instance to the builder .
do not change the order of the expressions returned because broker relies on that to process the query .
returns the total size of the segment in bytes .
0 is the max height when there is no rectangle .
returns true if wifi calling is enabled for the specific phone with id phone id .
returns the java types corresponding to the argument types of the given method descriptor .
get the current user profile .
epoll server socket channel .
also @ see completable futures # accumulate ( collection x , reducer ) if you would like a failure to result in a completable future with an error
check and append the synonyms words of specified word included the cjk and basic latin words
this option won ' t be visible is ` - - entity format expression ` has been specified .
start building a new factory class - based service binding .
merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
set the mongo client options to be used when creating mongo client .
gets the value of the ' value type ' field
validation of page : - detects captcha test - detects invalid credentials error - detects wrong client id error
returns whether the given http response status code is a redirect code 301 , 302 , 303 , 307 .
returns a resource created from an object .
mary data object which contains the reference to the updated utterance .
amazon redshift returns all clusters that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
users should remove graphs via the remove graph operation .
add a event log item , but don ' t log .
save a header from the given http operation into the alist .
the option is a :
returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .
the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .
test if same updates order on all owners after txs are finished .
this is useful for matching through nested routes where the path is matched incrementally at each level .
adds a chat room provider wrapper listener to the listener list .
method to show or hide the " return the call " layout
r is a rotation transformation specified by the quaternion ( qx , qy , qz , qw ) .
invoke builder . module hash ( string name , string hash string ) ;
returns an iterator of all of the registered sasl server factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .
the organization on ontario bank should not ve overrwritten since ontario ( state _ or _ province ) does not span ontario bank .
` deprecated ` : number of users ( for rooms only )
quantizes a provided polygon to be consistent with the index encoding
if the delete etag doesn ' t match anything the delete won ' t happen , this will result in a 412 .
implementations of skylark value may define their own behavior of str .
the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .
returns the xml representation of the packet extension .
track that related posts have loaded and scrolled into view if we haven ' t already tracked it
create a compiler .
amazon redshift returns all subnet groups that match any combination of the specified keys and values .
builds a collection layer bean from the open search access # layer property of a
sets the tracking state for this costas loop .
reset all labels in the instruction list .
test if the vector ad is right of ab .
called if this element get updated on the client side .
returns the execution info from the tags declared on the target .
compute the theoretical starting abscissa for each key - sig item .
test the behavior get object for inet columns .
create a mongo db outbound gateway spec builder instance based on the provided mongo db factory and mongo converter .
returns the servlet http context .
getter for # expose only requested header
checks whether the extension of the filename is one of those specified .
get allowed en cashment ? .
for more information on
gets the processing group this saga is assigned to , if it is explicitly set .
if nodes returned are to be further used , they must be finalized via anode # finish ( ) .
reverts method # unsigned to twos complement ( byte [ ] ) .
copy the android manifest . xml from source manifest file to android manifest file
generate a hashcode by hashing all of the properties .
menge in preiseinheit eff . .
loads the update center data , if any and if modified since last read .
escapes character data in val
creates new aggregation expression that returns the week of the year for a date as a number between 0 and 53 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
create a new builder using the default version of graph son .
iterate of a copy of the table .
returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
register the dao with the cache .
removes all values bound to this thread context , which includes any subject , session , or inet address that may be bound by these respective objects ' conveninece methods , as well as all values bound by your application code .
this method will just return the reflective property accessor instance if it is unable to build something more optimal .
it is not recommended to expand large trees this way since that might cause huge interface lags .
set eingabegruppe .
get the " original " database name .
returns xpath query corresponding to tree walker audit event object which points to the same ast element as specified audit event object .
set the certificate that will sign this certificate .
creates a new atomic tree map builder .
note : this method can only be called once per index .
returns a list containing containing only elements found in first and also in second .
this method should be called on completion of an operation ( after query all cascades are completed ) that saves an entity .
completely removes the connection associated with the given id .
no _ cores : the empty string is also a valid keyword , and maps to the anonymous state .
subscribes to changes of required table .
currently supported views are listed in web constants . _ view .
gets the time - zone , such as ' europe / paris ' .
creates an audit entry when a service definition is updated .
find native linkable nodes transitively reachable from the given roots .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get all non - null values with the given ids for default column
tests the security utils # get owner from thrift client ( ) ( ) method .
convert unserializable exceptions ( usually from dev mode ) into generic serializable ones .
group : common
the default value of this attribute is 40 .
converts a bucket auto options to a dbobject for use by the java driver .
sets the grid projection factory used to create an instances of grid projections .
sets the input format of this processor , returning whether the input format has changed .
cron expression to be used for the service which does ttl of the backups .
returns the set of compilation unit type names for all contained super source compilation units .
creates an instance from an input stream .
does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .
for each the offsets for each array in super type , there must be an offset in this qualifier for the array that is greater than or equal to the super offset .
returns default type cache implementation variant .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get zahlwert .
block volumes that should be attached to the instance at boot time .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without pre - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
each adapter will try to send blocks until have got special packet with type packet types # ack , that means receiver have got block .
converts from cpu profiler config to cpu profiler . cpu profiler configuration
note : todo ( b / 140064271 ) : add handling for composite types + tests for this file .
expands all tree nodes accepted by filter in a single call .
generate list of dependencies of package .
gets the value of the pub browser property .
returns a copy of this time with the specified field altered .
gets the model service instance that corresponds to the given name
this method always return true when invoked on an unnamed module .
stub of plugin # did declare setter ( type spec . builder , property generator , method spec ) for subclasses to override
this method is intended to be called at most once for soy doc params and at most once for header params .
record an execution event for a container or test that completed with the provided test execution result .
retrieve the metadata entry corresponding to the specified key for the namespaced entity id .
saves the field value by invoking the setter function on the given bean , if the value passes all registered validators .
creates a new tracing service decorator using the specified tracing instance .
resets value of m jvm monitor thread and m thread started .
determines if locale ' s dictionary is locally available or not .
creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .
this most commonly would occur when an encryption key is updated and old principals are retrieved that have been encrypted with the previous key . \
returns an action object that matches the parameters given .
the metamodel is populated in two phases , first to create a domain class for each object specification , and then to populate the members of those domain class types .
the media timestamp2 represents how the media time correlates to the system time in a linear fashion using an anchor and a clock rate .
if you want to retrieve the latest inventory of the vault , use
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate async client . create issuer # string - string
returns the builder for the settings used for calls to label audio .
returns the inet address associated with the current subject .
otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .
then it helps to define image uri is loaded into
this operation changes the position of the key in the map to the most recently used position ( first ) .
passes the specified event to all registered configuration listeners .
group : consumer
when add / rm / mv element
when this is set , in turn it sets the following :
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the partition storage level .
obtains an instance of zoned date time from an offset date time .
decodes a byte array where each byte represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .
this is activated by setting an explicit value for # interface in the titan configuration .
queries the coordination service to collect the multi - user case node data stored in the case directory lock zoo keeper nodes .
creates a new instance of inconsistent property from thrift representation .
removes null elements ) the list and return it .
runs the runnable task in the request scope initialized from the request scope . instance scope instance .
returns the feed with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . twitter . no such feed exception if it could not be found .
it should be encoded in 7 - bit ascii , but utf - 8 is supported too .
returns a progress notification for the given download states .
the code of this method is a copy of # handle attributes ( element ,
returns all attributes of the specified session .
returns the absolute uri of the class - path entry value as specified in jar file specification .
returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires public `
starts the _ _ _ protobuf _ metadata cache when needed .
examines the given verb pair and returns true if it is a valid pairing of verb form and clitic pronoun ( s ) .
gets the maximum number of deferred processed application data messages .
set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniond .
create a service locator .
encodes the document length in the same way as tfidfsimilarity .
register dubbo lifecycle component application listener as a spring bean
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix , which is assumed to only contain a translation , and store the result in .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the service and returns the virtual host builder that this virtual host service binding builder was created from .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
adds the specified object to the list of registered configuration listeners .
note : not used for the update variant with generated key handling .
adjust voice id per staff , in line with their order .
geodetic distance queries on r - trees for indexing geographic data
test that raw contact delta # build diff wrapper ( array list ) is correctly built for insert , update , and delete cases .
returns the sum of all operand stack sizes .
sets the time .
sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline .
produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .
returns an immutable map containing six mappings .
places elements into order by increasing normalized # get score ( ) .
runs the given runnable at most retry count times until it passes , leaving interval millis milliseconds between the invocations .
exchange adapter on the 2nd cycle .
test of var method , of class weibull distribution .
returns a map where keys are masked if they are considered a password .
get the mongo db factory that this instance manages transactions for .
decodes a string where each char of the string represents an ascii ' 0 ' or ' 1 ' .
returns the id of a given object from the pool
after that , continues to wait for the interrupted threads to finish , so if job do not obey interruptions , they can continue indefinitely regardless of the timeout .
chosen bits are [ 10 , 6 , 5 ]
resolve the repo referenced by the given intent
the on error resume next method changes this behavior .
deletes all documents from the solr server .
gets the pattern list value of all patterns for the banner .
request type and options defaults to null .
undoes the previous command associated with the given object .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this can be trained with clause splitter # train ( stream , featurizer , training options , optional , optional ) .
get the discord client that emitted this event .
default validation status handler functional method implementation .
return the attributes map
scenario successful connection to the back end service via basic auth .
label node if necessary .
returns if the configuration need has specified an external network to use .
returns the first asset entry set in the ordered set where create time = ?
assembles all the fragments into one buffer .
returns whether put is supported for the given resource metadata .
set the number of digits in the fractional part of a price .
multi - az option expands an amazon cloud search domain to an additional
by default , 10 seconds .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined by expected records .
getter for beta
provided key is a single private key needed to spend such inputs and provided program should be a proper checksig program .
returns the last saved gallery for the given gallery type id .
returns an immutable set containing five elements .
if possible the supplier should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .
both filenames are first passed to # normalize ( string ) .
has the replay merge failed and entered into an errored state ?
otherwise if the object is from a java package , returns the result of to string .
setter for leaf .
return a sim scorer for this context
register a record reader .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
retrieves a basic template given the template name .
checks that no scores or freqs are infinite
get the preference key which stores the number of times the toast associated with the smart toast type has been shown
does a few instances of short work with policy = always and expects that they will be executed on a remote node .
submit a task for execution .
system will constantly measure actual average latency and compare it with " desirable operation latency " .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the ratings stats total score of this asset entry set .
this date - time will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method .
currently , sona supports flat , vxlan , gre and vlan modes .
specifies the path of the button ' s image .
appends a declaration of the given label to # buf buf .
is has sharding query assisted encryptor or not .
converts the swagger paths into a list path operations .
runs the command with the given args .
default implementation returns controller result # result _ code _ not _ supported .
returns true if there is a joined instructor ( other than the instructor to delete ) with the privilege of modifying instructors .
checks if the path can be rewritten for iterative evaluation .
create a geo circle of the right kind given the specified bounds .
returns an operator to allow the query to be pushed parameters via the observable # lift ( operator ) method .
set a limit of the number of outstanding or to - be acknowledged messages .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the fully qualified domain name ( fqdn ) of this event hub .
tests for the base file system # list status ( alluxio uri , list status options ) method .
timed sleep throws interrupted exception when interrupted
the secret is required .
make a new label with this as the value ( word ) .
get the content of this element .
sets the max age of the cookie in seconds .
returns the s v n revision with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrevision exception if it could not be found .
intervals are inclusive of the start instant and exclusive of the end .
makes sure , that for each language a " rulesets . properties " file exists .
get the names of any classes referenced in the methods in this list .
sets the recreate mounted pages after expiry setting
returns a channel option for the given socket option .
sets the habitat for use in creating deploy command and undeploy command instances .
this could be used for load balancing of plugins across multiple machines , cpu usage monitoring and other nice stuff .
generates an object representing the schema . org breadcrumb list todo : implement
return a new data buffer composed of the data buffers elements joined together .
the migration can be finalized and the new features enabled only after all administrators approve the switch by accepting the handshake .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
obtain the default mongo database database form the given mongo db factory factory .
runs the logic to read from the socket until # _ is running is false .
transitive reduction of requires public edge and requires edge have to be applied separately to prevent the requires public edges ( e . g .
change the status of the page comment checkbox .
creates a behavior that uses the given wicket consumer consumer to do something with the component ' s tag .
the shortfall level is in decimal , i . e .
gets the servers resolved by name resolution .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
see method visitor # visit try catch annotation .
test of var method , of class log normal distribution .
generates a code sample for using file client # set properties with response ( long , file httpheaders ,
checks if either one of the main or temporary files currently exists .
this new transition is created using transition builder # create merged ( transition builder , matcher builder ) .
structural specification for more details .
whether or not lhs is mutated depends on its type .
scan a term buffer for a block of message fragments from an offset up to a limit .
generates a code sample for using file client # start copy with response ( string , map , duration , context )
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
| update previous height to current height .
use system emergency password for files in this room
instructor view pages , so put here in super class .
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
given that the caption column value is a number .
scheduler : combine latest does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
or throws a com . liferay . samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
removes all the sync d l objects where parent folder id = ?
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
replace actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .
returns a configuration object containing the names of all the modules .
sets the request query .
returns the partition id .
if the multi - az option is enabled , these values control the resources used per availability
returns the the subscriber _ sid .
item level validators are ignored if there is no bound item or if any field level validator fails .
core mc mmo skills will pull the name from locale with this method
or throws a com . liferay . twitter . no such feed exception if it could not be found .
returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .
sets the response session id .
log rule execution statistics .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
get the sql snippet for this index column .
amazon glacier data retrieval policies .
uses the handler mapping # best _ matching _ pattern _ attribute best matching pattern .
waits until the system . current time millis ( ) results has changed .
return a read - only dataset graph filtered view that fulfils the security policy .
returns the the type of this challenge .
returns true if the pressed key is a modifier key ( including ' escape ' and ' alt ' - ' tab ' ) .
waits during timeout until specified element contains the defined expected text .
test of npara method , of class poisson .
gets the next available port starting at the lowest port number .
makes the format for the level - 1 data .
invalidate authentication token # # # functional description : logout a user .
create a custom layer by resolving the given module names .
return if the servlet class represented by this component implements the interface .
returns null .
returns an immutable set containing eight elements .
used by test job and directly above and for encrypting database lookup messages
is grand type supported .
tests the block worker # create block remote ( long , long , string , long ) method .
modified enum is hiding in the 2 and 3 bits of the flags .
returns the ( unbiased ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a point set region of a dataset
returns the java type corresponding to the return type of the given method descriptor .
qualifier from the passed attribute , if any .
created by user info
test that amqpmessage id helper # to base message id string ( object ) returns null if given null
ensures that the service referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .
exits the current lazy scope .
generic getter for the virtual metadata popular configuration property of this class
returns cached transparent color .
this method is a no - op when invoked on an unnamed module .
parse service endpoint properties to retrieve enum value ( if any )
loads a new module from the class path and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .
assertion result will reflect the success of the sample .
backs up all buckets for the device to the given node .
group : common
configure a sp el expression to evaluate a rsocket outbound gateway . command for rsocket request type at runtime against a request message .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
removes pending delete object .
if you want to add or replace functionality , please use the karaf distribution configuration file put option option .
replace the placeholder mapreduce tags with our mr jobid so that all child jobs get tagged with it .
registers an event handler towards the event bus and registers it to be only active when the presenter is visible is called .
if the object is null or , returns # null .
more stable than math . log ( 1 - math . exp ( x ) )
get the set of event codes that are enabled for the logger .
indicate to all associated export data source to assume mastership role for the given partition id
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where parent folder id = ? .
sets the quorum name for operations .
setter for # allow credentials
getter for # allow credentials
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .
if original value is a value timestamp time zone , returned value will have the same time zone offset as original value .
returns minimal version of available upgrade catalog
configuring access for a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
testing the clear ( vector ) , clear ( vector ) methods of vmath class .
context menu of a row : this was dispatched by library pager adapter
get a string from the underlying resource bundle or return null if the string is not found .
sets text to be displayed next to icon .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
parses basic vector from the given matrix market string .
this will return a duration with 2004 time unit # milliseconds .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
sets the transformed layout .
sets the vault endpoint url to send http requests to .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get servlet mapping ( ) on the wrapped request object .
returned array may be different size than size of provided array , due to # expand ( class [ ] ) expanding .
parse a service request path from servlet path info .
check when there is . codenvy . json file in the repository
returns the w s r p consumer with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . wsrp . no such consumer exception if it could not be found .
the difference of # is interoperable is ignore decimal precision .
format the time in the format hh : mm : ss . 1234 where 1234 is milliseconds .
create an instance of jaxbelement
grants the role execute permissions on the resource .
optionally provide a custom log stream provider that provides streams for writing container stdout / stderr logs .
set the conflict resolution policy for the graph .
this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ project . project status
an illegal state exception is thrown because the aspect ratio has already been set .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
check when there is . codenvy . dockerfile in the repository
orphan slurs that don ' t connect are removed from their sig .
build the range store with provided range store factory .
the protection end will be calculated based on standard semi - annual roll convention .
this will retrieve ( if in existence ) or create ( if not ) a for the supplied prefix and uri .
update event loops resources and return the global http resources
once the prefetch is done , the player will change its playback state to session player2 # player _ state _ paused .
this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .
sets the bootstrap member locations .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
saves the conversation log entry to the database .
reset starting address .
the condition that triggers the dialog node .
requires the mongodb - crypt library in the class path
to perform a partial update of a block blob ' s , use put block and put block list .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the second portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 , but can be 60 to account for leap seconds in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
tests that a job only has one failover region and can recover from task failure successfully
obtains an instance of zone id from a date - time object .
this method is a shortcut to context ( ) . uuid ( ) .
appends an internal name , a type descriptor or a type signature to # buf buf .
code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .
configures jodd . petite . petite container with default class path .
queries this contact source for the given query string .
in case of an error , we have to ensure that the triggerservice does not leave anything behind
called when a controller requested to prefetch a specific media item represented by a uri through media controller2 # prefetch from uri ( uri , bundle ) .
from w . x . y . z return z .
test of npara method , of class tdistribution .
matching is performed using the matching rules specified by [ rfc2459 ] .
user names will always be checked in a case insensitive manner .
create an instance of jaxbelement
test a read after write on smrmap .
the ec key create options parameter is required .
no component is registered , only madvoc config and madvoc container .
creates a new program scope : the list of methods .
returns a range of all the sync d l objects where modified time > ?
if there is a sample in progress for the operator , the call is ignored .
returns the message with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such message exception if it could not be found .
tests rejection of expressions in version model .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
converts from list of cpu profiler config to list of cpu profiler . cpu profiler configuration
the simplest way to create a cvc update token .
use reflection to discover and report on the bigdata build information .
if the given language code is null , uses display settings # get shows language ( context ) .
acquires the write lock to start reinitialization .
returns a qualified type that has the same type as this instance , but with the given qualifiers .
starts a new download with the given download request .
this get scenario will return a setting when the etag provided does not match the one of the current setting .
reads up to bytes of data into an array of bytes from this input stream .
returns the next value from the input .
return an inet socket address to represent the socket address in this buffer .
creates a property matcher to match against slot indexes .
the rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
group : consumer
creates an audit entry for the ' service created ' event .
standard utility method for typical implementation of slot selector # validate satisfied ( index provider [ ] ) .
sets the value of the short description property .
the result will be invoked to listener set by # set on get cropped image complete listener ( on get cropped image complete listener ) .
generate a properties object with some static defaults that can be overridden by source configuration 2 .
the results are undefined if timing methods are called without invoking at least one pair # start ( ) / # stop ( ) methods .
enable gzip response compression if the client request presents accept encoding headers .
expected : ioexception is thrown
an index ranges from 0 to get size in bytes ( ) - 1 .
creates a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .
issues an http redirect after subject logout .
heavy weight join ( ) , involves moving data
and org . apache . flink . table . api . stream table environment for stream job .
asserts that the error message and the root bean class of the given violation are equal to the expected message and root bean class .
retrieve the download stream using the default chunk size of 256kb .
note : the db cluster snapshot must be in the available state to be deleted .
get the number of active transports for the image .
converts a json document into a pdx instance
code snippet for append blob client # create with response ( blob httpheaders , map , blob access conditions ,
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . list settings # setting selector
determines the timeout in milliseconds until a new connection is fully established or established connection transmits a data packet .
for an overview on tagging amazon rds resources , see
if you ' d just like to obtain the version of sip communicator so that you could display it ( e . g .
search for the insertion point of current number .
attempts to find the best suited on exception definition to be used for handling the given thrown exception .
gets table environment , org . apache . flink . table . api . batch table environment for batch job .
determine the security policy for this request
you should probably instead use the frontend function for this : fcpconnection handler # get plugin client ( string ) .
if the artifact refers to a directory recursively removes the contents of the directory .
first scenario : press button - > two windows appear , press esc two times - > all windows should be closed
return the http request .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .
test of npara method , of class beta .
create an instance of jaxbelement
it does not read the response entity , if any .
gets the value of the spin count property .
returns whether a given bound is included in this slice .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
the default implementation does nothing , but subclasses may chose to throw a solr exception if invariants are violated by the
registers the remote value wrapper interceptor in the cache before it gets started .
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
as a special case , resources ending with " . class " are never encapsulated .
set the max passages per document .
test affinity awareness sql cache size property .
returns the default selector provider .
maintains type , name , and calibration values .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configurationasyncclient . set setting # string - string - string
returns an immutable map containing three mappings .
converts a date to a relative time span ( " 8h " , " 3d " , etc . )
attributes can extend the parameters of this class without having to extend it .
the operator subscribes to its sources in the order they are specified and completes eagerly if one of the sources is shorter than the rest while cancel the other sources .
generates random trits for a transaction .
convert a time in milliseconds in utc to the nanoseconds since midnight ( in the default timezone ) .
get xa connection .
group : common
create an instance of jaxbelement
stops this thing ' s polling future
tests that grindstone mills all cards to graveyard while painter ' s servant is in play
scenario successful connection to the back end service via basic auth .
writer for genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes .
sets the alignment of the selected element .
obtains an instance of zoned date time from a local date - time using the specified offset if possible .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only # string - string
sets the servers .
if any package doesen ' t belong to any specified group on the comamnd line , then a new group named " other packages " will be created for it .
queries this search source for the given query string .
you don ' t need to call # close ( ) after calling this method .
this api returns an export id which you can query using the describe export configurations api .
returns the search roots .
action remove hop from this step
record activity task heartbeat request returns true and if the activity can be safely undone or abandoned .
generates a valid document id for a service , used to index the service in es .
for an interface parent ( must be an interface ) , returns set of all subinterfaces .
returns the projects entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . so . no such projects entry exception if it could not be found .
handles url : / clusters / cluster name / servicegroups / service group name / services / service display name
open a new file for data matching a schema .
if you have an edge iterator state the other create traversal id is preferred !
remove a given task from the database via mode query .
list the batch - processing jobs submitted by users .
open a session for the session factory that this interceptor uses .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
create an instance of jaxbelement
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
note : returned indent is not set to be to it ' s direct parent block
parses an array containing a coordinate into a lat lng object
setter for # allow only requested header
returns the list of fields used to define this provider , or null if the provider is schemaless .
iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
returns true if field ttl not used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
adds a local id to the list of recently chosen sites
fills the current buffer with bytes from the specified array from the specified offset .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .
create a quick connection object from a guacamole configuration and get an id and place it on the tree .
returns the configured bootstrap locations .
takes spir - v as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to hlsl .
each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the guice di container .
add an algorithm by loading a config file .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
requires class graph # enable field constant initializer values ( ) to have been called .
returns url to post events to .
determines whether or not this version supports setting keyspace on a per - query basis .
a more complex adjuster might set the date - time to the last day of the month .
random access thing , then read randomly and compare .
updates the ui after the result of an update operation on the edited ocshare permissions .
get document controlled .
this method will attempt to load the cluster and path level configuration defaults and update the configuration if necessary .
returns an immutable set containing two elements .
returns " true " if the provided crawl uri has an http method with a status code that does not fall within this instance ' s specified range .
this is useful in item attribute value converter implementations , without having to write a switch statement on the # type ( ) .
this means that , by default , a codec will accept any subtype of the java type that it has been created for .
returns service locator relevant to current application .
returns the parent folder of this resource .
look for all unclosed issues in branches / pr targeting the same long living branch , and run a light issue tracking to find matches .
emit metrics context for publishing profile related status , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id
setting bounds to means default value should be taken from the underlying os .
add the triple to the where clause
then a new basic document is used instead .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
invokes parent . resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .
semantics double with timer event listener # timer event expire entry ( entry , object )
set this matrix to be equivalent to the rotation specified by the given quaterniond .
returns the iseeding strategy factory used by this factory .
locates a packaged or exploded module , returning a module reference to the module .
verifies whether signature is made by signer with public key
sets the shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
sets the resource types .
create a payload from the given data .
get a string representation of a pokemon rating , for example " a " or " b + " .
returns a pointer buffer view of the data . l field .
property jversion
convert this map x to a list x via the provided transformation function
this methods checks that this node , and all its nodes recursively , do not contain elements that were introduced in more recent versions of the asm api than the given version .
if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
recursively scan all files in the designated directories .
get the date that this token expires
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied scheduler .
refreshes the filter view .
assumes string is in # encoding _ charset format .
returns true if this module exports the given package to the given module .
checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been normalized and using the case rules of the system .
if context # drop permissions ( ) has been called then this will return the guest user no matter who the real author is .
set the new period between two lifecycle events .
returns the package type ( expath / internal ) .
call peers to reflect a possible change in the media setup related to video .
returns a stream of non - directory entries in this jmod file .
test the write path using a fake writer and verifying the expected log statements are written .
shifts the focus to the previous element .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix .
| if left child is added to queue before right child , it will be in the front of the level .
returns default compiler options .
removes the subtree rooted at this node from the tree , giving this node a null parent .
if the prefetch is not needed , # play from uri can be directly called without this method .
creates a capture request config . builder contains shared options .
: property1 = value1 , value2 , " a quoted value " , ' another quoted value '
when multiple tokens , an ordered with slop of 0 is returned .
code snippets for lease client builder # build client ( ) .
take the date referenced by given @ literal field reference in the utc timezone .
create a connection creator for permanent connections .
coptic era is an enum representing the coptic eras of era _ before _ am / era _ am .
directions are com . sk89q . worldedit . vectors that determine what adjacent points area available .
parse the given comma - separated string into a list of media type objects .
tries to registers manager for the given type url .
set the value for some metadata on a collection alias .
user / group may restore files / folders from recycle bin - room permissions required .
saves changes from the bound fields to the given bean if all validators ( binding and bean level ) pass .
getter for # allow headers
see immutable map static factory methods for details .
if the argument points to a configuration file , the configuration file is loaded to configure the titan graph
enable http status 301 / 302 auto - redirect support
computes the weighted covariance matrix of the given data set .
binds the specified service at the specified path pattern .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # class _ extends class _ extends .
aggregate given void publishers into a new @ literal mono that will be fulfilled when all of the given @ literal publishers have been fulfilled .
so when we got packet and all is ok - call this method .
add a new cell to this table and copy processed content of tc to it .
useful because the granularity of the clock on some systems is low , so doing a thread . sleep ( 10 ) may not give you a different clock value , for example .
posts the experiment to the server and updates it with the returned values .
estimate minimum demand reports 0 until request , nonzero after request , and zero again after delivery
checks and adjusts the market data names .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
the returned map doesn ' t contain any entry for component uuid for which there is no entry in the queue ( ie .
the sequence dictionary is taken from the read - count file .
read up to length of bytes from in until eof is detected .
the conversion extracts the chrono field # epoch _ day epoch - day field .
returns the comment describing the purpose of this cookie , or null if no such comment has been defined .
jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .
gets the avatar of a specific meta contact in the form of an
get hex string for the supplied big integer : " 0x " where hex string is outputted in groups of exactly four characters sub - divided by spaces .
creates a negotiator used for alts server .
throws an exception if input must be valid , or returns a question mark as replacement .
mark the deterministic keys as used , if they match the pubkey hash
sets the group name used as an endpoint group password for authentication on the target endpoint .
builds the index from the segment bytes .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
get production date ( available on some multisensors )
returns the value in the user aligned with the integer value in the device space , applying the rounding and parity modes .
requests that the player prefetch a media item with the specific search query for playback .
this method may return null if the field does not exist .
checks if the expression bound to this variable has the given flag .
shows the message if no search params were selected .
otherwise the patches for the module are scanned ( to find any new concealed packages ) and a new module reference is returned .
this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .
return the array of s that can appear in the serialized form .
returns true if this result is an underflow condition .
return the quality value , as indicated by a q parameter , if any .
if possible the supplier should be cached in the ast in order to avoid the repeated lookup of the parent executable or root node .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
looked at this post : url
main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .
returns the value of cmake analyzer enabled .
gets the type of the exception that caused the failure , not present if it wasn ' t caused by an exception .
register harvestable _ crop | an item stack of a block , with a damage value indicating the meta value to harvest at .
the list can be null .
atomically set the hi integer value without changing the lo value .
read owner for a given version , with cl = quorum and serial cl = serial to commit any remaining uncommitted paxos state before proceeding with the read .
for example " sep " .
turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable & pausable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .
set warehouse .
returns the patch operation instance for the replace operation , based on the operation path .
updates a challenge response object according to given request and response and compute a new secret according to the response sent by the server .
get balancing .
bind a named locale - valued parameter .
returns the user id of the session .
compares this local date to another date .
returns the name of the first check , or " " .
the rsa key create options # get expires ( ) expires and
adds units to insertion order units .
group : reset
get verarbeitet .
loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
this merges the two objects - this and the specified time - to form an instance of zoned date time .
if the insertion point equal to the current size , it means the array can be extended .
returns a module supplier .
fetches a preview of the modified text , and shows ( fades in ) the preview fragment , which includes edit summary tags .
closes the provisioning driver .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the millisecond portion of a date as an integer between 0 and 999 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
open a webview above the current activity .
create space for a new item and returns the rank for that item .
or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
create parameters necessary for creating a reusable alipay source .
when the area is deleted from the device , it is important first to unregister all geodatabases that are used in the map so the service doesn ' t have any stray geodatabases registered .
if # ignore _ overflow is true and one of the bounds is outside the byte range , then that bound is set to the bound of the byte range .
updates the summary statistics but does not store the given log record .
key is the user uuid in string form
loads the schema crawler configuration , and override configuration , from properties files .
decide whether to examine all the tables to dump .
the conversion extracts the chrono field # nano _ of _ day nano - of - day field .
returns the additional filter query part .
calls # matches ( string , string , map ) matches ( pattern , str , null )
removes all of the service contracts from es .
get the metrics context for the program , the tags are constructed with the program run id and the profile id
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives unexpected exception from
return the java constructor corresponding to the kotlin primary constructor if any .
also checks that required role are satisfied
returns all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
has the given leadership term id already been appended ?
returns a new key . builder .
returns the program id of the program who emit this message .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # exception _ parameter exception _ parameter .
creates a behavior that uses the given wicket function function to do something with a component ' s attribute .
returns the identifier of a transaction .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
register sub - objects such as caches
tries to move the bookmark to the specified destination .
updates settings for building clients .
event listener callback - unused for now - how many devices support events ?
by default , # use any planner ( ) is enabled .
adds an entry to the layer with the given permissions .
returns a text description of this result .
returns number of arguments for the specified type .
removes a web socket from the members list .
returns the iso code , except when the alias " loc " is used .
replaces existing tags of the specified namespaced entity id with a new set of tags .
get sharding encryptor .
returns an unmodifiable map of metadata for a given alias .
sets the storage serializer .
create an instance of jaxbelement
get the sorted iterable of all ranked provider providers ( custom and default ) registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
gets the list of site selector options .
shutdown all the channel creators out there .
user / group may permanently remove files / folders from the recycle bin .
for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .
snippet com . azure . keyvault . keys . keyclient . get key with response # key properties - context
search key match reg exps value
the request scope . instance scope instance is not released by the method ( this must be done explicitly ) .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .
create an instance of jaxbelement
release any resources held by this syslog appender .
reset starting address .
returns an existing sshsession for the given host .
returns an application . wadl description with all restxq endpoints .
the rsa key create options # get key size ( ) key size can be optionally specified .
returns a boolean value indicating whether the segment is full .
sets the enabled .
set the value type .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
returns a stream of modules upon which the given module ` requires public `
static resources are resolved from classpath .
get type of the trigger .
returns the string tag if set , or constants # null _ string _ tag instead .
the rsa key create options is required .
parse a string generated by # format ( )
defaults to false .
test of npara method , of class log normal distribution .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # blob httpheaders
gets a list of suggestions of input to this parser .
this operation returns information about a job you previously initiated , including the job initiation date , the user who initiated the job , the job status code / message and the amazon sns topic to notify after amazon glacier completes the job .
fire istorage segment changed when an i _ m _ hu _ attribute is changed .
returning null implies no access control
get the flow start sla from the dag node config .
make sure to keep # database fields and map synchronized .
checks the account and then searches for the contact .
getter for # allow only requested method
return the current starting address .
this builder should only be used in some specific scenarios like flow - ref where a new flow executing the same base event needs a new context .
creates a sshsession to the given host with extra sets of ssh configurations .
for more information about managing snapshot copy grants , go to
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the steps of this which are instances
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
sets the value of the cycle property .
the entries in the file are assumed to be the fully - qualified binary names of provider classes .
total runtime size is 22344 bytes
adds a check that the given number is positive .
begin insert after the current line by creating a new blank line below the current line
lookup for multi - operand ( invoke dynamic ) entries .
close pool ( s ) being maintained by this datasource .
sets the value of the ' ts ' field .
create new note .
sort the given mutable points reader based on its packed value then doc id .
returns whether this property is a standard member property .
test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) .
maps all index descriptors according to # locked index ( index descriptor ) .
that requires to load all localizations , i . e . , all the files making up the bundle .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
sets the minimum session timeout .
whitelisted props can be defined only if ignored properties are not defined .
returns an adjusted time based on this time .
setter for exception ' s variable name format .
floating point must be non - equal within the default encog tolerance .
converts a string [ ] into a comma - delimited string .
provide a write ptransform to write data to a cassandra database .
in case of failure the flux will error .
for example , the period in decades between two year can be calculated using start year . period until ( end year , decades ) .
subtracts a value that has been seen n times from the observed values
encode a string using the # pathsafe set of characters .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the given element draggable and adds class name .
constructs a shared key credential used to authorize requests sent to the service .
if not found , # current token is set to .
this is useful for adding all of your nodes to the graph before adding edges .
and transfer all those namespace declarations to the current document
in case of failure the flux will error .
returns the package name based on the boardsfile name caters for the packages ( with version number and for the old way
returns the signing date time in millis for which the signature needs to be computed .
resets the analytics collector for a new media source .
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives strategy exception from
httl . properties : precompiled = true
group : producer
process workflows to purge them and their children .
note that the writing process does not start until the returned mono is subscribed to .
queries this search source for the given query string .
if labels = " \ 0 " , settings without any label are returned .
sets the trim mark on this endpoint ' s log unit and also perform a prefix trim .
this function assumes the block at the given index is cached for the given size .
add classpath elements from an object obtained from reflection .
prevents access to all public members of given class .
parse an xls into a list of imported grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .
copy all schema concepts to current keyspace cache
action triggered when the execution of this node is skipped .
calls to this method on versions of android less than p are ignored .
it only runs when the vmthreads # thread _ mutex is held ( or the virtual machine is single - threaded ) .
convenience routine to return the specified error ' s underlying syntax exception , or null if it isn ' t one .
creates the metrics tables and kafka - meta table using the factory default metric dataset factory
returns a vector of all mu action instances matching the specified class .
this will return the secret secret with value included of its latest version .
adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .
loads ifile , dfile and index summary , and optionally recreates the bloom filter .
decode the com . mongodb . dbobject and provide the corresponding java ( type - safe ) object note : mf might be null
gets the path from a full filename , which excludes the prefix .
adds a bundle to the watch list .
create an instance of jaxbelement
sets the value of the ' public port ' field
copies a form with the given file name from the assets root to the sd card where it will be loaded by form loader task .
this will return the secret secrets with values included of the specified versions .
tests global recommend ( long , int , set , set ) .
setting the timeline is not allowed after a call to # set media sources ( media source . . . ) .
verifies that hudson is sending 403 first .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
tests the file system master # check consistency ( alluxio uri , check consistency options ) method when some files are consistent .
synchronize with the transport thread .
creates a for - comprehension of three iterables .
returns the search index configured with the given name .
adds tags for the specified namespaced entity id .
group : common
get generated getters for an avro - generated specific record .
returns the length of the attribute list that begins with this attribute .
escape schema name depending of the database engine .
checks a name to ensure that it ' s a legal type name .
set the channel parameter for the cluster log and snapshot replay channel .
creates a real propagator to propagate one or more continuous functions , separated with semi - colon " ; "
returns the name of the output parameter .
sets the address of this connection ' s peer .
get the minimum committed log tail from all log units .
retrieves the default value of a parameter , or otherwise returns null
gets the value if it is a valid or an value calculated from the error
prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding handler type predicate in the map .
adds an actor as a child of this group , at a specific index .
translates type names to resource locations to ease lookups since the unit cache system caches based on resource location but the natural mode of interaction with this cache is via type names .
create a new data source from event dao .
return a copy of this that is set inactive
returns the bar with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . testtransaction . no such bar exception if it could not be found .
finds the list of virtual hosts that contains the specified service .
in some cases , changing the specified field can cause the resulting date to become invalid , such as changing the month from january to february would make the day - of - month 31 invalid .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
probably you want # get offset in section ( ) .
the potential errors .
creates an entity and populates its state based on the db object given .
get the date that this token was created
gets the filters for items to fetch .
decorates services whose route matches the specified path pattern .
returns the calendar notification template with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such notification template exception if it could not be found .
creates a for - comprehension of 5 iterables .
helper method to check if we should do gcm topic request .
reverses the order of all elements in the given interval .
for more information about the vault locking process , see
this test validates that connecting to a service url does not work .
supports a " site id " request parameter , defaulting to " default " for the default update site .
returns the string representation of this dimension .
set the point at which content is truncated .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
shortcut for rdfparser . create . source ( reader ) .
add a result file to the results
if they only have the same name , they are considered to be two inheritances of the same ( or at least compatible ) declarations , and there is only a warning .
turns this reactive seq into a hot stream , a connectable stream , being executed on a thread on the supplied executor , that is producing data .
get the content of this element .
note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance
set the websocket deflate compression level .
return writers that support specific types .
modified by user info
is the value with this qualifier less than or equal to the length of array ?
checks whether two filenames are equal after both have been normalized .
the input file must be a list of whitespace - separated verb - lemma - pos triples , one verb form per line .
# # # effects : the keypair is set .
it will emit the current object when subscribed to .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the barline that starts the part .
( see # is google account type )
configure the name of a selector header that a subscription message can have in order to filter messages based on their headers .
test of npara method , of class gamma .
populate a new extension registry from extension types declared via extend with @ extend with on the supplied annotated element .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
finds the dimension by name .
set " global " cors configuration based on url patterns .
if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched with their current values .
map package name to the new name .
if the astnode has a valid location , this one is used .
the meta - property for the payment amount property .
returns estimated number of buffered items , or - 1 if disabled .
gets the amount of damage caused by the event
returns the component ' s tokenizer
this is the example used in index setting .
the xpath node set is treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .
create sslcontext using system defaults .
unit test for zkquorum impl # setup quorum ( string , zoo keeper accessor , list )
convenience method to load tree from file
must be logged to use .
if labels = " " , settings with any label are returned .
an accurate sync method that adapts automatically to the system it runs on to provide reliable results .
adds all camera capture session . state callback callbacks .
removes whitespace and does a fail - fast if a non - java identifier is found
incremental values ( ex .
sort the given mutable point values based on its packed value then doc id .
a is built when the jar is created .
assign the current point , where the dragged image is to be displayed
params , request type and options defaults to null .
returns the parameter value from the http request or the value provided by the supplier
returns the default value for keys ( or for primitive types ) .
fetch the given user ' s list of starred albums
converts finite duration into flink time .
collect capabilities of an index .
attempts to read the next ihawrite message and then the expected buffer , that is read into the client buffer .
add in methods from all interfaces .
we have the same file saved for publisher 98 , publisher 2000 and publisher 2007 .
test of create classic modified padding method , of class short padding generator .
checks if the properties contains the given key .
sets gap between split icon and split part sides
for an overview on tagging an amazon rds resource , see
specialized registration method for registering a named template for functions expecting zero arguments .
the supplier lookup decides which lookup method is the best given the parent executable node or root node and the provided language class .
write image data to the given file node and set checksum and size .
applies a publisher function transforming a stream of base event ' s .
blobstore entries first detected less than nimbus _ topology _ blobstore _ deletion _ delay _ ms ago are ignored .
called for every component when the page is getting to be rendered .
gets the name of the quorum associated with specified cache
observer methods with transaction phase # in _ progress are called asnchronously in a separate thread .
called when a track has been selected .
` deprecated ` : maximal amount of files to upload
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the wms layer used by this layer
set tree .
now performs a deep copy of the classifier before each call to build classifier ( ) ( just in case the classifier is not initialized properly ) .
function source ( ) ( 41 ) global $ argv ; ( 46 ) return $ argv [ 1 ] ; ( 49 )
if you wish to have decimation rates higher than 700 , then add additional prime factors to the primes array .
sets the query to match configuration setting # get label ( ) labels in the service .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting # string - string - string
computes the first order sensitivities of a function of a credit rates provider to a double by finite difference .
test affinity awareness sql cache size property with semicolon .
short - cut for building a named template via # named descriptor builder specifying zero arguments and accepting the rest of the builder ' s defaults .
any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other
a file transfer exception if the operation was attempted but failed for any of the following reasons :
non - linear refinement is recommended , even before bundle adjustment .
for a provided domain item , find the range item that leads to optimal config .
in order to set the matrix to a rotation transformation without post - multiplying , use # rotation ( quaterniond ) .
adds rows to destination for each row in table1 , with the columns from table2 added as missing values in each
two objects are considered different if value . compare to ( reference ) ! = 0
in case of failure the flux will error .
gets the hash code of this charset .
set untergruppe .
sets the drm provider to use when handling drm for media .
creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .
creates query for the given query string .
reads a module - info . class from the given byte buffer but ignore the hashes attribute .
tests that adding a @ js no export annotation on a method comes out accurately and that removing it comes out accurately as well .
gets the last updated .
same as s . substring ( 0 , len ) except that it won ' t split a surrogate pair .
checks command cancellation detection
binds the specified service at the specified route .
get the purged gtid values from my sql ( gtid _ purged value )
gets the value of the short description property .
parse an xls into a list of imported grade objects note that only the first sheet of the excel file is supported .
converts the given objects into a map of interned strings where the keys and values are alternating entries in the passed array .
75 % of elements are greater ) .
helper method for firing a ' value changed ' event .
sets the broker url to use to connect to active mq using the
if one param is a float , the other is converted to a float .
this call is equivalent to calling in interpreter ( ) | | in low tier ( ) .
parses column major sparse matrix from the given matrix market string .
cluster a new instance .
the insert statement defining the order of the values to add for a given cql row .
determines if the reachability of this object corresponds with the validity of the referenced machine code .
if not explicitly configured with an annotation , this value will be used .
group : producer
writes a file into the specified application directory and attempts to relaunch getdown in that directory which will cause it to upgrade to the newly specified version and relaunch the application .
checks if a given string is a valid twitch url ( ie , one that will display " streaming " on the discord client ) .
re - loaded scripts need to have their breakpoints re - applied .
in that case the iso code of the preferred language in the ums settings is returned .
creates an identifier for an etd future instrument .
set the node type .
this method fetches the related content from related content table and assigns them to the corresponding upload field , if any is present in the form definition .
queries the min len checker to determine if there is a known minimum length for the array represented by tree .
this will set the margin between the annotations " outer " rectangle defined by / rect and the border .
parses the - - add - exports command line option and returns the package export definitions in the form of an imodule .
returns child style id .
test affinity awareness partition distributions cache size property .
helper to print change details .
sets the additional trade information , defaulted to an empty instance .
analyzes the provided query string and returns a space concatenation of the analyzed tokens .
any metadata for the dialog node .
report whether the repository instance has been allocated .
decode an action profile group with members information to a pi action group .
returns a zoned date - time formed from this date at the specified time .
creates a worker to execute single pending task .
returns an immutable map containing ten mappings .
returns the primitive id for the primitive .
the default value must not be null .
return the result hierarchy .
returns the member request with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . so . no such member request exception if it could not be found .
gets the index on which the underlying future fixes .
wal2json plugin nor pgoutput include toasted column in the update
gets all of the alert definitions that exist on the path for components # ambari _ server .
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
this method will retrieve all the external source entries for the external source for the given authority name param
but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .
decorates all services with the specified decorating service function .
a hook allowing a subclass to populate the " names " field in the sourcemap .
add a warn event log item and log .
returns the lvalue of the assignment .
timed invoke all ( null ) throws npe
for the specified list of table ids , return the number of mispartitioned rows using the provided hashinator and hashinator config
checks if the addressed database can simply be opened , or needs to be ( re ) built .
extends the template type map associated with this type , merging in the keys and values of the specified map .
test all digits in different locations of strings .
compute the diagonal of a bounding box .
parses the specified options and returns the faulty key .
build the range store with provided storage server client manager .
tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .
take most frequent black local max for which key ( beam thickness ) is larger than about twice the main line thickness and smaller than main white gap between ( large ) staff lines .
refreshes the transaction schema cache by reading the central schema cache is read into this transaction cache .
reserve ids used by the predicates or constraints associated with some join graph .
creates a middleman type # error _ propagating _ middleman error - propagating middleman .
loads the available edit groups .
run .
tests the block worker # create block ( long , long , string , long ) method with a tier other than mem .
creates a cache that will only flush to a central shared cache then the transaction oltp is disposed off
use the endorsed standards override mechanism to load jax - ws version api
tests string utils # capitalize ( string ) .
upload screenshot file to amazon s3 using zafira client
adds a qualified " exports dynamic " directive to the declaration .
gets the number of documents to return per fetch .
traces a time series point .
configure auto discoverable auto - discoverables in the instance manager .
find cites along a specific line and store them .
gets the filed name .
if only public , module and package access are allowed , the suffix is " / package " .
create a copy of this logger that does not log exception stack traces , unless the log level is debug or lower .
see # set padding ( int , int , int , int )
create insert optimize unit .
get the display name for this group , including the size of the group .
group : producer
sets the level .
iterate over all the key properties key by page and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
returns the status code for this change .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
when accessing a left child , level value decrements by 1 .
sets the identifier of this action profile group .
create kubernetes watch for kafka user resources .
encodes the commit time into a key .
generate a file ( format csv ) to be used by deep learning software , populated by samples features .
configures db entity manager with default class path .
performs actual put operation for the specified record in hbase .
create and start logging server and client thread pool .
convert selected metrics from a registry into a map , with metrics in a compact format .
always returns dummy _ target .
return the string representations of the annotation types for the given doc .
set the prevent encryption scope override property : optional .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
returns the length of this path .
code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .
" allow " , " accept " ) .
query by given select builder
sets date ranges .
the client will connect to servers in the cluster according to the pattern specified by theconfigured server selection strategy .
this variant retrieves class # get declared methods ( ) from a local cache in order to avoid the jvm ' s security manager check and defensive array copying .
return true if the given attribute name is the name of a pre - defined attribute that is not allowed in the class file .
get the result hierarchy .
steinbach , m . and karypis , g . and kumar , v .
adds a control metadata .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
returns the distance function .
turn a to x of eithers into a single either with lists of values .
the text of the user input example .
returns a new instance of a query executor that handles the specified data type .
returns the ratings stats total score of this asset entry set .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
symbolic links are not moved to the destination when encountered : neither the link nor the linked file is moved , and the symlink file is deleted .
sets the iget and set locator for the given application .
see also : [ specifying a voice ] ( url ) .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the month of a date as a number between 1 and 12 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
get the dicom accessor instance which is being used to read the underlying dicom instance .
construct the nbt representation of the channel list , for use during login handshaking
creates a reference to an already declared or referenced function .
build mongo template mongo template .
adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .
prepare project for using .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the given is converted to the actual user class if necessary , @ see class utils # get user class .
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .
indicate to associated export generations to become masters for the given partition id
writes a collection of values to an output stream .
null , vertical tab , formfeed , etc . )
resources ending in " . class " or where the package name is not a java identifier are resources that can never be encapsulated .
stores the parsed complete object .
save a file entry and return to the the path .
decorates and binds the specified service with routes at multiple routes of the default virtual host .
key keys with key material included of the specified versions .
enriches an environment with new / modified properties and returns the new instance .
code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .
returns an immutable set containing an arbitrary number of elements .
the revision string .
unregisters a previously registered listener to be called when the primitive ' s status changes .
attaches an application created from a wadl description document to the component .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sort a subset of an array of number primitives .
or throws a com . liferay . mail . no such message exception if it could not be found .
validates the item using item validators added using # with validator ( validator ) and returns the result of the validation as a list of validation results .
registers a callback to be invoked when the fullscreen mode should be changed .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
throws a system exception when the http status code is outsdie of the range 200 - 300 .
adds a resource file to the artifact classes folder .
calling this method will commit an open transaction , even if the new level is the same as the old one , except if the level is not supported .
replaces existing tags of the specified namespaced entity id with a new set of tags .
create an instance of jaxbelement
returns the database id of the user to whom this permission is granted .
allocates a byte array of the specified length in unmanaged memory .
( optional ) the attribute index ( 1 - based ) , otherwise all attributes except class are changed
receives all emails that matches given email filter filter and mark all messages as ' seen ' and ' deleted ' .
code snippets for lease client builder # build async client ( ) .
the meta - property for the price property .
tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .
returns the parent folder to the resource from the root site .
the state of playback should be updated to session player2 # player _ state _ paused after the prefetch is done .
test method for org . infinispan . spring . provider . spring remote cache manager # stop ( ) .
the option is a : type .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
gets the confidence .
if labels = " " , settings without any label are returned .
get the content of this element .
check if the resource is an http resource and apply filter .
fire wna open / close metrics and update the actual state after a state change is received .
if labels = " abc1234 " , settings with a label equal to " abc1234 " are returned .
main method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
try to process recorded events for ' maxtime ' miliseconds .
returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .
sets the value of the source file name property .
implements packet filter .
gets the tag message of a logging event
read the parameter meta data from the transfer object .
sets commit context . validation type for associated commit .
default method - returns " input "
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the map of all processed certificates until now .
corresponds to ` hex . tree . drf . drf mojo model . score0 ( ) `
code samples snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . secretclient . get secret # secret properties
checks if the given type id is of the edit group type .
writes the node to the specified output stream .
fits a crf .
asserts that all channels of the processor channel combination , processed the correct number of messages
example : [ 30 , 60 , 70 , 90 ] , the 75 percentile is 30 ( i . e .
adds a new document to this collection with the specified pojo as contents , assigning it a document id automatically .
tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .
user can use the returned value to control when to enter the scope of this span .
returns the definition with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . ams . no such definition exception if it could not be found .
returns the sync d l objects before and after the current sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
builds a new check in dialog fragment setting all values based on the given episode tvdb id .
adds new units to an existing type oracle .
the default behavior of this method is to return http servlet request # get push builder ( ) on the wrapped request object .
integers 0 . . . n .
registers a connection status listener and attempts a connection .
set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan ( after running the optimizers ) .
suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption normal expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) .
default prarmeters will be overrided if a their names are containd in the given - map .
also , puts the new names - > nodes map in the tsurgeon pattern that called copy .
convert strings to a collection of node nodes .
lookup an ephemeral or persistent access key .
gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist
set value of the cosmos db resource throughput .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns the next available packet .
the default implementation returns attribute factory # default _ attribute _ factory .
computes the minimum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
flat the linked hashmap of profiles into a single optional profile .
combine ( raw ) data for reducible annotations ( those that use raw data in g vcfs )
appends the information about the given handle to # buf buf .
save basic clusters .
report the target export file if present on the cli
make a = b to a = b , c ) , please use the karaf distribution configuration file extend option
this allows additional information to be attached to the trade .
the on error resume next method changes this behavior .
if an element from the given annotation is not in the mapping , it is ignored .
returns a snapshot of all instances
switches to the requested site .
authenticate the user to this user context .
sets the bootstrap locations .
sets the selection listener that will be notified .
sets the specified value to the favor dec speed field .
return the data flavors for this
when two configurations are the same , prefer the one with less alignments , or less summed mismatches if still tie .
tested methods : copy ( vector ) , toimpl : copy ( matrix ) , colum packed copy ( matrix ) , row packedc copy ( matrix )
tests if this string ends with any specified suffixes .
the default implementation does nothing and is intended to be overridden .
returns an adjusted date - time based on this date - time .
initiate client list on all connections and return the requests .
create an instance of jaxbelement
get blob store type from blob store config class
returns the descriptor corresponding to this java type .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
set values of managed limits .
compares two strings based not on the strings themselves , but on an encoding of the two strings using the string encoder this comparator was created with .
generate sync point information from the thrift representation .
the mark ( ) method does nothing , and the reset ( ) method throws ioexception .
the default implementation replaces any combination of leading ' / ' and control characters ( 00 - 1 f and 7 f ) with a single " / " or " " .
dump binlog .
base type @ extends @ implements @ lend @ param @ template @ this @ throws @ type
adds a temporal memory to this layer
getter parameter value for currency type id
if you specify a source type but do not specify a source identifier , you will receive notice of the events for that source type for all your rds sources .
utility method for creation of candidate uris found extracting links from this crawl uri .
tests assert that the setting can not be deleted after lock the setting .
sets the focus of the screen .
whether to use suffix pattern matching .
example server version string : version
compute the mahalanobis distance of a vector .
equality comparison is performed with this object ' s # same keys method .
this method will first search the class loader of the context class for the resource before searching all other class loaders .
retrieves the ldap configuration if exists and adds it to services . json
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
returns if there are changed inherit properties .
gets the list of configuration setting configuration settings on this page .
custom code can use or change all the local variables , but should not change state of the stack .
sets the tooling .
generates a code sample for using share directory async client # delete sub directory with response ( string ) ( )
ensures that component is present in the manifest as an exported and enabled launcher activity .
get mail server settings # # # functional description : dracoon email server configuration entry point .
sets the identifier of this action profile group .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
invoke all ( empty collection ) returns empty collection
all the following mouse and key events apply to the given modifiers .
with this hmm as the initial model , learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .
create an instance of jaxbelement
set the iteration listeners for the computation graph ( and all layers in the network )
returns a random temporary name for the specified database name .
counts empty lines before given .
encrypt message locally using an ' rsa _ decrypt _ oaep _ 2048 _ sha256 ' public key retrieved from cloud kms
obtains an instance of zone chrono date time from an chrono offset date time .
retrieves all the properties for the specified namespaced entity id .
tests for the base file system # create directory ( alluxio uri , create directory options ) method .
whether this codec is capable of decoding the given cql type .
if not , it will be wrapped by a new annotation event listener adapter .
check if the browser is ie6 , 7 , 8 , 9 .
sets the interval .
creates a flux of paged response starting from the next page associated with the given continuation token .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
to prevent excessive polling on all sources it is preferable to do the majority of polling on a single source .
set the value for some metadata on a collection alias .
line string key is measurement + tag values
checks if the type of worklet is same as that of wfdesc json .
creates an audit entry for the ' service updated ' event .
test that the given module reads all module in the given layer and its parent layers .
returns whether or not image pixel at the specified x and y coordinates is fully transparent .
all bindable types have been collected , do the actual processing .
start building a new factory instance - based service binding .
returns the pivot of a view on a specific axis , when it is swiped .
if the wrapping fails , then null is returned .
channel number or timeslot for this message
handles all the tags with the given handler .
prints message to the terminal at verbosity level , without a newline .
if not found , look for " dspace . dir " initial context parameter .
sets the value of the ' dec ' field .
key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .
create an instance of jaxbelement
generates a random transaction with a random hash .
convert wiki name in database / schema name .
gets the value of the crypt algorithm type property .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the read cosmos items .
returns the last jid that the party with the specified address contacted us from or null if we don ' t have a jid for the specified address yet .
string representation of " this " with packagename and the path .
checks a filename to see if it matches the specified wildcard matcher using the case rules of the system .
sets the value of the ' bloom filter ' field .
modified access conditions , blob access conditions , duration , context )
get the plain execution event execution events as a stream .
/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / dumpheap / : host - port / : timeout - > dump heap .
get repo from event
provide configuration in the form of rsocket strategies instance which can also be re - used to initialize a client - side rsocket requester .
use full publisher confirms , with correlation data and a callback for each message .
set the mongo db factory that this instance should manage transactions for .
creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .
retrieves all the tags for the specified namespaced entity id .
returns an adapter which converts a multimap side input handler factory to a
get valid level instance of mfmdunning
creates a temporary snapshot directory for the given path .
method to insert code snippets for secret client # get secret ( secret properties )
api base url .
retrieves the session needed to open the transaction .
gets the sentence location .
creates a new img plus with specified dimensions and axes .
returns the int value if this primitive value is of type int .
hit the test servlet to see if get unique group ids for user works when supplied with a invalid user ( entity out of realm scope ) .
although image decoder was added in android o a bug prevents it from scaling images with exif orientations until p .
count the number of children of the given plsql node .
add object to the array , deletes the old one if it exists
return the http response .
the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .
report the potential key signature in this measure for the specified staff index .
add component to be presented in the scroll pane viewport
prefixes are used to enrich the mappings of every @ request mapping method whose controller type is matched by the corresponding handler type predicate .
sends a message to all connected members .
returns the tuple of parameter default values of this function value .
subclasses content with this format may add additional details in # explain ( list , basic stats , int , double , double ) .
retrieves the ticket corresponding to the client / server principal pair from the subject in the specified access control context .
set the prevent encryption scope override property : the prevent encryption scope override property .
updates the number of bytes read , error count , start time and elapsed time
sets the base section paint and sends a plot change event to all registered listeners .
returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .
skip lines that only contain token types . annotations .
an alternative to this method is to print / parse the instant as a single epoch - seconds value .
this creates an empty object based on a specific parser implementation .
reverses the order of all elements in the given interval .
creates an instance from another byte source .
get name of the cosmos db table .
returns the j i r a issue with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraissue exception if it could not be found .
and o onto v inplace , i . e .
populates the given basic dblist with values from the given collection .
this method assumes that it is already in an array context .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
getter accessor for attribute ' description ' .
returns the function that has a media type whose quality factor matches the http request best .
returns the set of all compilation unit type names ( both regular and super sourced ) .
expands the given item .
destroys all the keys created during this test run .
negative test , when a cors request arrives , with a null origin .
the string passed in is assumed to be a canonical name - it is not checked .
starts a resumable upload to a share .
get the sqrt - normalized mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )
see method visitor # visit try catch annotation .
the # get product type ( ) product type must be etd product type # future otherwise an exception will be thrown .
adds a column / value pair to the values inserted by this insert statement .
collects all load statements .
the ec key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .
by default this is set to server codec configurer with defaults .
if not in position swap it with a [ a [ p ] - 1 ]
returns session token2 so that developers create their own androidx . media2 . media controller2 instance .
apply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .
sets the database id of the user to whom this permission is granted .
create a working , portable runtime of multi bit in a temporary directory
loop over the key properties key and call key client # get key ( key properties key properties ) .
the meta - property for the bond group property .
set search key .
test an array used as a lifo stack .
if labels = " abc " , settings with a label starting with " abc " are returned .
pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix and store the result in .
shows roles - manager user .
this method wraps raw in the character provided by # get name escape ( ) .
this method uses a concurrent hash map for caching method lookups .
removes all metadata ( including properties and tags ) for the specified namespaced entity id .
returns the default selector provider .
resets the prng back to the creation state .
returns the election id last used in a master arbitration update message sent by the client to the server .
tries to find a doi inside the given text .
returns true if field ttl action not used is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
keep persistent copies of all pages , by default on disk .
anything less than 2 would close the cursor so that is the minimum batch size and ` integer . max _ value ` is the maximum batch size .
the negative of starts with is # starts not with .
by default this is set to server codec configurer with defaults .
by default it will be setup / teardown per test ( per test method ) .
queries this contact source for the given query string .
locks a policy for execution .
writer for genotypes of arbitrary chromosomes .
creates an instance of a catalog resolver using the specified feature settings and path to one or more catalog files .
gets whether the user can sort this column or not .
this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , vector , vector , double ) to train the feature .
chops the path and the file suffix of the specified filename and returns the database name .
reads boolean type system property .
sets the border size that defines the attack range for a robocode . border sentry robot sentry robot .
final implementation of the button ' s on submit .
sets a new value by changing the offset and doc id .
must be larger than the last successfully claimed key .
test of local method , of class abitracer .
execute tests for a given engine discovery request using the provided test engine .
client initiated - no data - alternate close code
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . list issuers # context
this function will set the hcat token to jobconf
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # method _ formal _ parameter method _ formal _ parameter .
produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .
set body of the user defined function .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns the asset with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . ams . no such asset exception if it could not be found .
servlet version based implementations will receive write listener # on error ( throwable ) event .
returns the query parameters as map .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of records as defined by expected records .
set the value of status before , used in parameter comment .
returns the currently selected account device instances
returns split button icon .
returns all instances of a tenant
writes value followed by newline character .
creates a property matcher to match against a slot position .
an exception occured which may be retrieved from the arguments . , failed _ truncated -
embeds the tag regions into an image ( represented as an abstract file ) .
get name of the cosmos db cassandra keyspace .
invoke builder . new requires ( set mods , string mn )
if this lookup object has private access , then the caller class is the lookup class .
merges this frame with the given frame .
sets the delimiter .
clears the value of the ' bloom filter ' field
creates new day of year in utc .
if keys = " abc " , settings with a key starting with " abc " are returned .
makes a copy of this offset and removes any added terms that are accesses to the length of the listed arrays .
this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # slerp ( quaterniond , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .
update current starting address in the data store .
construct xml data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct .
gets the value of the source file name property .
if - - interface is specified , - - entity and - - default search result will be visible
indicates to the user interface whether the history logging is enabled for the supplied meta contact .
this function implements a subset of quoted - printable encoding specification ( rule ref and rule ref ) as defined in rfc 1521 .
rsa key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied scheduler .
gets the list of deleted certificate deleted secrets on this page .
stop the executor , no longer allowing tasks to be submitted through # submit ( task ) .
sets the specified value to the bitfield field .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
converts the provided outcome to a message describing the outcome .
write the task state to the provisioner dataset , retrying if any exception is caught .
bind contract provider model to a provider instance using the supplied instance manager .
the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .
create an instance of jaxbelement
tk fallback can throw an ioexception when no fallback is available .
set the incoming binding sets associated with the optimized query plan ( after running the optimizers ) .
produces a collapsed semantic graph with no extras .
process the given resource path to be used .
as a special case , resources ending with " . class " are never encapsulated .
register a health check to the set of health checks based on app name .
search for a partial match of the pattern at the start of the data .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the year for a date as a number between 1 and 366 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
get discount amount .
produce the evaluation result for a particular clustering .
returns active hierarchy mapper
update current starting address in the data store .
log access to a target class by a caller class .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
total runtime size is 1296 bytes
determines whether a character is a letter according to plain character # is letter ( char )
tests that when an etag is passed to set it will only set if the current representation of the setting has the etag .
each type will be instantiated by bootique and added to the guice di container .
wraps a loaded value to add the refresh value .
get the preferences for given project .
return the locked state of this parameter map .
sets the journal serializer , returning the builder for method chaining .
unregisters the given mbeans ( untracked ) .
determines whether a room is created for each user that is created by automatic import ( like a home folder ) .
get all pinot offline table names
set untergruppe .
the property of this node
get the application - configured instance manager .
get service locator .
if the value is null , then the default value is returned .
within the chart ' s domain and range ) represented by the given pixel coordinates , if that pixel is within the chart region described by # content rect minus all margins .
gets the entity name .
creates an audit entry for the ' service version created ' event .
print scored parse trees for one sentence in format used by charniak parser
may be null if the inet address is unknown or explicitly omitted .
validates that the client is properly configured for using cpk .
collects data how often components are created
returns a range of all the sync d l objects where parent folder id = ? .
equivalent to load ( file , true ) .
report the algebraic area between function and x axis , from x1 to x2 .
getter parameter value for statementdate
whether there is currently a bound execution .
creates an fx swap using forward points , specifying a date adjustment .
recursively perform a depth - first search of jar interdependencies , breaking cycles if necessary , to determine the final classpath element order .
sets the timeline on this fake player , which notifies listeners with the changed timeline and the given timeline change reason .
sets the forbidden context map .
calculate sum of squares of all elements in the matrix
binds views for the given kind section data list .
copies the specified pointer buffer to the data . l field .
visit all of the sql expressable types associated with this this writeable .
binds the specified service under the specified directory .
checks whether replacing array with replacement array in this qualifier creates replacement array ' s entry in other .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
add insert optimize result unit .
block for a collection of futures , with an optional timeout for each future .
if an empty item stack , or none of the type material # firework was given , a new firework item stack will be created .
simple test - - dump and execute app jar with the given app classes in classlist .
creates the com . univocity . parsers . fixed . fixed width field lengths instance based on the headers and field lengths .
must hold ,
resolution for each tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .
if the jar file has a main - class attribute in its main manifest then its value is the
colors and labels that will be appended to the end of the auto calculated colors and labels arrays after calculating the legend .
create an access log element implementation which needs header string
so we call utils # r suicide ( string ) instead .
note that this method doesn ' t serialize the char sequence of the token stream - the caller has to take care of serializing this if necessary .
monitoring of beans methods having the scheduled or schedules annotations , only if is added in application . yml .
discard the peaks that are too light compared with the others , unless they are distant enough from immediate neighbors .
acquire a saxparser from the pool ; create one if it doesn ' t exist .
get all supported realms
loads the class defined by the specified name and path .
creates query for the given query string .
implementations of skylark value may define their own behavior of repr .
with this hmm as the initial model , learn an hmm by the baum - welch algorithm .
checks if secondary package , i . e .
runs the java launcher with the given arguments .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied scheduler , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied action .
adds continuous task object .
test of var method , of class shifted geometric distribution .
gets the service either from the cache or from es .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get the list of statuses concerning the given events and the current user .
builds a jfree chart time series from a ta4j time series and an indicator .
serialize the given object .
checks the consistency of the transactions .
set lieferdatum .
wraps up any pending operations for the current phase and switches to the next phase .
other method on descriptor will be ignored .
returns all the unique combinations of dimension values which have values set reachable from this profile .
for el need to unquote everything but no need to convert anything .
returns the index for this dimension , or empty if it is not a number
returns the module with the given name in this layer , or if not in this layer , the plain # parent parent layer .
check predicate for field which has simple char array type ( byte [ ] ) .
returns madvoc config madvoc config once web application is started .
returns true if the given port exists in the given ports list .
test module finder . of with a file path to a directory containing a file starting with " .
this method has no effect if the package is already exported to the given module .
handles listing of shallow metric representations .
if main branch = 100 locs and the " largest long - lived branch " is 80 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 100 .
if the string argument is a configuration short - cut , then the short - cut is parsed and used to configure the returned titan graph .
resolve host part of the given uri to the bottom a - record or the latest available cname
creates a new http authorization service decorator using the specified authorizers .
returns the set of points whose data values are within the range of interest .
or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such svnrepository exception if it could not be found .
the prefix for the first matching predicate is used , assuming the input map has predictable order .
the returned login is not validated .
opens a titan graph with the previously configured options .
keys # egg _ timer
an encog division by zero exception can occur .
the ec key create options # get curve ( ) key curve can be optionally specified .
primitive operation which removes and returns the node at the head of the frontier .
this method sets the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . user
semaphore based rate limiter is totally blocking by it ' s nature .
checks jtree and tree model support .
returns true if the server has a cluster .
atomically updates the current lo value with the results of applying the given delta , returning the updated value .
or throws a com . liferay . marketplace . no such app exception if it could not be found .
rx ratpack . promise (
# # #  further information : the removal of deleted nodes from the recycle bin is irreversible .
see # set padding ( int , int , int , int )
call key factory . key to string ( ) on the underlying key .
creates new iso day of week in the utc timezone .
test of var method , of class geometric distribution .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
prepare project for using .
if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media items ( ) will return the list of children .
index rewritings in nested xpath expressions ( gh - 1210 ) .
the meta - property for the sensitivity property .
test for array builder # append ( array ) .
execute an accumulation along one or more dimensions
returns the session string for admin user
gets an ordered list of all of the upgrade checks .
returns the jaas module entry of the specified realm , named as module name .
sends a message to all connected members except to the one with the given id .
sets the minimum standard deviation .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
checks the dirty status of the ' stm priority ' field .
important : workers should set their client side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the maximum time service may hold the poll request ) .
when true the cookie should only be sent using a secure protocol ( https ) .
task manager options # network _ buffers _ memory _ max .
returns the width of the specified column , or 0 if the table layout has not been validated .
creates a for - comprehension of two iterables .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a jmod .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob async client base . set httpheaders # blob httpheaders
loop over the issuer properties issuer properties and call certificate client # get issuer ( issuer properties issuer properties ) .
part size does not match the size of each part except the last must match the size specified in the corresponding
ack message in sqs
getter for # allow methods
jax - ws version api is loaded from 0 , but jax - ws runtime requires jax - ws version api .
this will attempt to forcibly terminate currently executing tasks , and will remove pending tasks from the queue .
expected 2 barriers for the serial gc and 4 for g1 ( 2 pre + 2 post ) .
handle spawning chicks when the egg breaks .
fetch objects to a local disk up to prefetch config # max fetch capacity bytes .
create a new mongo client with defaults suitable for replica set usage .
expected : ioexception is thrown
returns a flowable that emits the results of a specified combiner function applied to combinations of n items emitted , in sequence , by the n publishers emitted by a specified publisher .
this is a mutually exclusive option to # saml service provider ( service provider configuration resolver )
the bound resource instance is internally cached to make sure any sub - sequent attempts to bind the class are silently ignored .
write out this workbook to an outputstream .
get request parameter " response _ type " .
sets the ip range which determines the ip ranges that are allowed to use the sas .
scenario successful connection to the back end service via basic auth .
returns either name primary or name alternative based on the contacts preferences .
the hash code for a module directive is computed as using int arithmetic .
opens a titan graph database configured according to the provided configuration .
queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query string .
sets the cpu status ( free or busy ) .
key import options # get key material ( ) key material cannot be null .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the action must set one of the id , event , data .
computes the maximum for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns an ssl context factory that should be used by a jetty server based on the specified sslconfig param which may be null .
gets a data uri for this image .
updates ij2 options dialog settings to reflect values set by ij1 plugins .
executes random mutator and accessor operations on asynchronous data store validating that the used data structures can be used simultaneously .
and repository id = ? .
receive a message as a string .
extracts an ltpa sso cookie from the subject of current thread and builds a ltpa cookie out of it for use on downstream web invocations .
when the client is opened , it will attempt to connect to and register a session with each unique configured server address .
if the channel is released or currently does not need extra buffers , the buffer should be recycled to the buffer pool .
otherwise , the results returned match the parameters given in options .
create renew check decision state .
note that this method does only allow dns names and not ip addresses .
sets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field .
returns the tab ( metadata ) for a component .
security attributes , provide the ability to associate arbitrary information with a security contract specification in a key - value map .
set the url of the framework as a maven url reference .
creates an osm turn relation out of an unspecified osm relation
traverse the ocsp certificate .
sets the platform connection manager managing the connections to the axon server platform .
get is manual import .
enqueues a task to be run .
adds a new bag out of the given data and adds it to the output
get data form from stanza .
by constrast with optionals # sequence present ( collection x ) if any optional types are zero the return type will be an zero optional
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
check if cluster permissions allow for the given action , also checks whether the limited by role allows the given actions
this method should only be used for steps whose value is # type _ argument type _ argument .
returns the default value formatter that has been determined by the chart considering the provided minimum and maximum values .
sets the action type .
return an ordered collection of sql statements that need to be run to create a table .
decreases by one the incoming reference count for this resource , and notifies the owner if said count reached zero as a result of this operation .
resolution for each tick of the timer wheel for scheduling deadlines .
getter for the url of the content review icon associated with this item
returns a zoned date - time formed from this date - time and the specified time - zone .
directories with . class files or empty directories ) .
returns a newly - created logging service decorating delegate based on the properties of this builder .
when the config has been successfully retrieved it must be put in the cache .
if the etag ' s value is equal to the wildcard character ( " " ) , the setting will always be updated .
returns whether the template node is stateful ( has at least one @ state variable ) .
given a tab , selects the corresponding mode in the split editor , i . e .
trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .
starts zookeeper up on the configured port .
if this happens , a configuration configuration event event will be sent to all registered listeners .
process the server section , if any , of a configuration file .
convert a raw value to an avro object to serialize in avro type system .
get a map of data source ids to their string names for the current case .
returns the java type corresponding to the given type descriptor .
sets the typing .
tests that a suspended checkpoint coordinator calls suspend on the store and counter .
action that allows to display the view on image ( or binary table )
returns an immutable list containing eight elements .
removes a variable scope from the stack .
set the sort mode for the context
set upc / ean .
find all child glide modules
clears the value of the ' zk _ quorum ' field
a is built when the jar is created .
tests l7dlog ( priority , string , object [ ] , throwable ) .
tests resilency when d2 device is down .
note : this operation is eventually consistent .
returns a new router options with default settings .
important : deciders should set their client - side socket timeout to at least 70 seconds ( 10 seconds higher than the timeout ) .
perform checks on the packet represented by this instance and return true if it is found to be invalid .
if cursor # get next ( ) is null , this method adds all the scalar values in current array to the result .
notify listeners at the end of activation .
returns a new instance of io . bootique . bqmodule . builder initialized with module for this provider .
creates a module reference to a module packaged as a modular jar .
return all querys in the playlist
/ api / v1 / topology / : id / profiling / restartworker / : host - port / : timeout - > restart worker .
set duration specifications according to ' rate ' requirements
returns a wrapped instance of client connection manager to capture the necessary performance metrics .
appends user defined function info protos to a module info . builder .
returns the connecting client id .
test of set params method , of class old agent connector .
see # set ignore gesture inset bottom ( boolean ) .
updates the current packet .
gets dimensions based on relationships and attributes from entity projection .
test of var method , of class fdistribution .
converting ws and uris to their http equivalent
maps all index descriptors according to # index reference no locking ( index descriptor ) .
the max size of the file path data is 255 bytes while the max size of the file contents is 10 kb .
returns true if the class has the specified annotation class .
handles an iterate commit .
return all sys proc durable plan fragments that needs to be registered
when enabled , smtp socket factory class will be not set , and plaintext authentication over tls will be enabled .
will only return non - null for fields that have constant initializers , which is usually only fields of primitive type , or string constants .
this method both takes into account the ordering of known qualifiers as well as lexical ordering for unknown qualifiers .
returns all the arguments .
normally this is one of the strings listed in protocols .
retrieve the exchange result for the given " request - id " header value .
creates new aggregation expression that converts a string to a date object in the factory timezone
retrieve the graph with the specified id from the cache .
if two ranges overlap , this range strictly contains either the begin or the end of the other range .
gets the label for this waypoint based on the artifact type .
handles an http response exception that occurs .
register a collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes
setting the manifest is not allowed after a call to # set media source ( media source ) .
thus 31st january plus wrap field one day goes to the 1st january .
note : this callback may be called on the main thread , regardless of the callback executor .
get the maximum size of a binary message buffer ( for streaming writing )
annotate for coreference ( statistical )
this method will create an com . google . gwt . user . client . element for the given html .
writes a csv line to the underlying .
writes meta data about this package if the destination directory exists , and the " vespaversion " property is set .
returns a default credential for the application .
verify the validity of an ' rsa _ sign _ pss _ 2048 _ sha256 ' signature for the specified plaintext message
gets the list of key properties key properties on this page .
sets the statistic repository with the specified statistic repository .
creates query for the given query string .
builds a channel to the given server uri with the first supported channel creds config .
deletes a question by its auto - generated id .
put attribute consent enabled .
returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .
initialise a new keyspace by opening and closing a transaction on it .
return the location of a dataset if it is backed by tdb , else null
returns a literal for the reference availability .
caches the promise result and provides it to all future subscribers , if it satisfies the predicate .
return a scalar codec for the given range .
test to make sure that field names are not interned .
collapses the given item .
get the number of messages processed in one transaction .
sets the right selection .
the file is fully in memory only if all the blocks of the file are in memory , in other words , the in memory percentage is 100 .
gets the default type id for entry point folders .
attempt to transform this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid , using supplied function
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
method to insert code snippets for secret async client # get secret ( secret properties )
create client response filtering stage using the instance manager .
get the number of outstanding checkpoints .
evaluates a job .
call the native function being represented by this object , returning a struct by value .
creates a new tracing client decorator using the specified tracing instance and remote service name .
evaluates lhs @ = rhs and returns the result , possibly mutating lhs .
group : common
if the size of the new entry is larger than the table ' s capacity , the dynamic table will be cleared .
the name will normally start with the prefix " trace " followed by a 9 digit number followed by a " . log " suffix .
if the item is currently expanded , does nothing .
gets the intent name .
are the naturals id values cached here ( if any ) for the given persister + pk combo the same as the given values ?
convenience method for calling # new generic execute exception ( template callable model , boolean , string ) .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
sets the read only state to the given value for all currently bound fields .
returns an immutable set containing seven elements .
waits during timeout until update is finished by checking that only single master pod is present and it has incremented master version before update number in name .
by default we check the attributes names of the annotation , if present .
add a system classpath element .
converts a java object to a sequence of bytes using a proto stream serialization context .
obtains an instance of offset date time from an instant and offset .
contrast this behaviour to # plus ( int ) .
gets called by from value map
if not missing node , this is returned to allow chaining ; otherwise illegal argument exception is thrown .
this is the price agreed when the trade occurred .
sets each pixel in the output image to log ( 1 + input ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
path parameter : endpoint type ( required )
returns the builder for the settings used for calls to label audio .
if the session folder ( folder that contains the file ) does not exist and create session folder is true , the folder will be created .
if features is null , it will be deduced from env .
returns the value of the node as an enum value , or null if the node is undefined .
queries this search source for the given query string .
set the entity id that determines the type of entity .
xe when can build xml response .
calculates the set of stale types and clears their cached js and statement ranges .
throw runtime exception if query does not pass validation .
can get a bean for script load balancer .
if true , given partial blocks are not evaluated when defined but when used .
retrieve listing of secrets and metadata
key create options # get not before ( ) not before values are optional .
this let ' s the deoptimization stub return to the exception handler instead of the regular return address of the deoptimization target .
creates a new values list and add a value .
returns the w s r p producer with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . wsrp . no such producer exception if it could not be found .
get the datagram socket impl attached to this socket , creating it if necessary .
:
if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .
generated root glide module .
returns the ratings entry remote service .
sets departement .
- current obis identifier - current obis value - current obis data object
get the value for the given key if the entry is cached .
returns the eckey identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts or p2 pk scripts .
this methods sets this armature in its bind pose ( aligned with the undeformed mesh )
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
sets the preference .
checks that semicolon is in empty for initializer .
returns the data being sent to a potential remote executor .
returns the line number of the source line containing the new expression .
test of var method , of class gamma .
time defaults to midnight in utc .
sets the value of the ' zk _ quorum ' field .
the children will be ordered from right to left rather than the default left to right .
enables all schedules which were disabled or added between start time and end time in a given namespace .
find exactly one concrete element for a key in a map of sets .
send request for execution via # cli io .
backs up the subscriptions and bookmarks databases to external storage .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
replace actual names found in a string with meaningless randomized names .
copies the specified pointer buffer to the data . l field .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
this method returns the value of the database column m _ prj _ risk . dateraised
add a record to all the accumulators .
return the rack for which an endpoint resides in
returns the appropriate action context to execute the given spawn with .
deletes the specified variable from the configuration .
rotate this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .
pre - multiply the rotation transformation of the given quaterniond to this matrix while using ( ox , oy , oz ) as the rotation origin .
sets the id attribute of this media to id
if session is not created , default one will be used .
after all member accounts accept the handshake , you finalize the migration by accepting the handshake that contains .
create client request filtering stage using the service locator .
gets a string representation of this charset .
objects of the following type ( s ) are allowed in the list ctgroup shape ctshape
a typical use case would be to convert index names to curve names valid for an underlying system .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
report all java class file files available available from the specified files and / or directories , including sub directories .
returns true if this method is the first js method in the method hierarchy that exposes an existing non - js method inside a class .
validates the given @ asynchronous annotation .
removes the specified tags from the namespaced entity id
ensures that the service referenced by the contract at the head of the iterator actually exists ( is published ) .
creates a new class loader and a new class inside that class loader .
authorized the given ddlwork2 .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
utilization of database statistics ( gh - 1202 ) .
creates a global symbol of the form " jvm " + container name .
type strategy that maps an input type validator to a type strategy if the validator matches .
- java . lang . string latin1 . inflate ( [ bi [ cii ) v
gets the list of deleted key deleted secrets on this page .
cleans the sequences in this schema .
gets the edit data for all cms - editable elements in the page .
converts a swagger parameter to an instance of entity .
returns the storage serializer .
scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
gets metadata information about the specified table .
sets whether or not resources in the root ( web - inf ) folder can be accessed .
sets the member location provider .
if no mock can be assigned to a field , skip it silently
returns a stream of trace events .
register a collection state watcher to be called when the state of a collection changes
the supplied function is invoked for each market data name in this sensitivities .
retrieves whether the permission of the given type has been granted to the given user .
given a bunch of node refs , create simple features from the results .
asserts that the cache contains the given data for uri string .
creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint , delay error flag and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .
the annotation is sorted by array and then offset .
note this method creates a hot stream that starts emitting data immediately .
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
creates query for the given query string .
deleted by user info
applies an action to this value , if this option is defined , otherwise does nothing .
return the var node associated with the optional annotations # fast _ range _ count property .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
after that , the binding lease status is active .
by default , it returns the finder class .
standard setter for the rightward label string for this relationship type
initializes the decryption status tracker
returns builtin the operator table for this environment .
traverses this multimap sequentially , mapping the ( key , value ) pairs to elements .
this should be called before specifying the data source
returns a rule that restricts access according to the ip address of the request ' s client .
test of npara method , of class hyper geometric distribution .
new object example , large structure
the algorithm looks for requested table in following paths in that order :
if map repetition is enabled the map repeats in every direction and scrolling wraps around the edges .
returns an iterator of all of the registered sasl client factorys where the order is based on the order of the provider registration and / or class path order .
return a scalar codec for the given range .
gets the user name and group name from the user id .
note , the default is map reduce command . output type . replace
returns the query at the given position but does not update the internal
chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 7 ]
method set tuple sets the tuple of this tuple entry object .
creates a new jetty connection factory .
snippet com . azure . data . appconfiguration . configuration client . add setting with response # configuration setting - context
report the algebraic area between function and x axis .
creates a new adapter for an object of class ' org . bimserver . models . ifc4 . list of eint list of eint ' .
makes a text component using strings from a locale and supports passing an undefined number of variables to the locale loader
is the value with this qualifier less than the length of array ?
copies the specified element values from the given annotation , using the specified name mapping .
returns the status of the global rotation assigned to this .
checks whether two filenames are equal using the case rules of the system .
the documentation of fcpplugin client tracker # get client ( uuid ) applies to this function .
returns the group name used as a publisher group name for authentication on the target endpoint .
get user keypair # # # functional description : retrieve the user ' s keypair .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
stop managing a location .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
in case all entries are invalid , the resolver will return as no mapping is found .
adds one more acceptable indentation level .
if a # get cipher ( ) cipher is available , it will be used to first decrypt the byte array .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
decorates services whose route matches the specified route .
morewover , said statement must use bind variables since it is those bind variables that will be bound to values by the resulting writer .
returns if this resource is a folder .
when transforming a vector by the resulting matrix the rotation transformation will be applied first and then the translation .
the width of the output fraction can be controlled .
get the transcripts as a of transcripts in order .
upsert the blob metadata document in the cosmos db collection , retrying as necessary .
calls to register are idempotent ; adding the same annotated class more than once has no additional effect .
determine if a specific piece of text appears in log output .
code snippets for blob async client # download with response ( blob range , reliable download options ,
truncates log entries with indexes > = entry index .
ping # # # functional description : test connection to dracoon server ( while authenticated ) .
gets the value of the eg block level elts property .
or throws a com . liferay . wsrp . no such consumer portlet exception if it could not be found .
clears the value of the ' cf _ name ' field
use host access policy # explicit or host access policy # all .
gets the value of the paragraph content property .
creates an unicast processor with the given internal buffer capacity hint and a callback for the case when the single subscriber cancels its subscription .
check if the container size if valid .
currently only ever returns true for default constructors added by the compiler .
returns the item with weight calculation .
if end index > this . series end index + 1 the new time series will end at the last available bar of this time series
deletes a single document from the solr server .
tests similarity transform on the example provided in the epsg projection guide , page 99
sets the client transport .
returns the long value if this primitive value is of type long .
if - - interface parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .
the transition from native in cfunction epilogue node # c function epilogue ( ) might block if a safepoint is in progress when i reach that call .
does not exist ) an introspection error is thrown .
this can be used to perform simply scoping of the on next failure strategy or to override the the inherited strategy in a sub - stream for example in a flat map .
returns split button part hitbox .
gets the value of the salt data property .
set the http accept : header used to when making a sparql protocol query .
initializes the inter - cluster distance matrix and the prototypes of possible merges
sets the @ literal ping before activate connection flag .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
requests that the player prefetch a media item with the specific uri for playback .
this method will interpolate between each two successive quaternions via # nlerp ( quaterniond , double ) using their relative interpolation weights .
returns the ( biased ) kurtosis excess of all the values within a dataset
track the height of previous added key point .
however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .
returns true if field trace id list is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
decreases the reference count by decrement and de - allocates this object if the reference count reaches 0
important : if the type already exists , then a type already exists fault is returned .
obtains an instance from the curve currency , date , bond group and value .
example :
get the conflict resolution policy for the graph .
returns a lightweight , low - level preceding axis iterator .
add listeners to the checkbox / list set .
calculates stats based on the calculated course grade values
to add / remove / change points , you must call set points again .
error units is pixels squared .
configure hk2 binders in the hk2 service locator and enable jax - rs features .
convert wiki name in database / schema name .
the scheduler that decides how this task runs .
the offset is not part of the calculation and will be unchanged in the result .
this method returns a url for a cover query for the spotify api .
sets the secure value of a cookie .
checking if we can avoid serialization - relevant to rdds .
shiro ' s blowfish cipher already has a configured symmetric key to use for encryption and decryption , but it is recommended to provide your own for added security .
whether the decoder supports the given codec .
applies to all urls requested by the client .
please note that netscape draft specification does not fully conform to the http header format .
string , blob range , parallel transfer options , reliable download options , blob request conditions , boolean )
configure a command for rsocket request type .
this method receives the android . support . v4 . app . task stack builder with the constructed series of
query # rx ( ) .
sets the event listeners this event handler invoker will forward all its events to .
the object is unlocked on commit or rollback .
id of the room in which the individual rooms for users will be created .
construct the cordova web view object .
group : producer
decodes the given object using the configured # serializer ( ) .
helper method : concept by range from - to in periods from a different payroll ( old compatibility )
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
if the block is a procedure block , this get procedure arguments get procedure arguments returns the argument list .
if more than one stream has a message it decides which message to return using the # comparator .
loads configuration from meta master .
queries this search source for the given query string .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
gets the warning id .
but that is okay because # construct state ( map ) will give priority to collections in the shared collection state over this map .
respond with provided message in reply to each intercepted outbound message .
returns the int label of this dimension , or - 1 if no label is specified for it
the meta - property for the index property .
blocks until stopped in a timely fashion ( see org . sonar . process . stopper thread )
sets the selector .
encode hi and lo int values into a long
provide a mutate ptransform to delete data to a cassandra database .
parses a length with an allowed metric unit ( px , in , cm , mm , pc , em or ex ) or numeric value ( e . g .
check if the event is one that kicks off the flow
create a new merged annotation instance from the specified annotation type and attributes map .
checks for internet connection and then initializes the recycler view with 25 categories of the searched query
checks if the specified expression is a valid database name .
find dspace ' s " home " directory .
returns the color that has been set as color primary on the current theme of this
generates a random transaction .
property sxextensions
checks whether the extension of the filename is that specified .
computes the median for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
adds the given context to the registry .
the calibration is defined using curve group definition .
does not close the channel when the flux is terminated , but does plain # release ( data buffer ) release the data buffers in the source .
test of var method , of class logistic distribution .
the key create options # is enabled ( ) enabled field is set to true by azure key vault , if not specified .
attempt to parse a repo from the given uri
creates a typescript format extension using the specified npm package versions .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the week number in iso 8601 - 2018 format , ranging from 1 to 53 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
returns an immutable map containing four mappings .
returns the j i r a project with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . socialcoding . no such jiraproject exception if it could not be found .
gets the value of the spid property .
extracts the expressions from a selection query , expands ' select ' to all physical columns if applies .
scheduler : on error resume next does not operate by default on a particular scheduler .
write a line of the co nll output .
read an optional long value form a json value .
throw a multiexception .
checks if the current user has write permissions on the given resource .
note : you don ' t need to know the size of the archive when you start a multipart upload because amazon glacier does not require you to specify the overall archive size .
reset this stub to its binary step .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
process the potential key signature of the underlying staff .
set the time this object was last used to the current time in ms .
generates a code sample for using file client # create with response ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties ,
obtains an instance of week definition from the first day - of - week and minimal days .
tests for the base file system # unmount ( alluxio uri , unmount options ) method .
this test will take a little over a second per reservoir
get load balancer . factory for etcd client .
builds a transitive option details for the given set of options .
returns true if field is acid is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
find out possible longest length . . .
workflow execution cancel requested event is recorded in the history of the current open workflow execution with the specified workflow id in the domain .
the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .
test subunit cluster # divide internally ( double , double , int )
output a description of the current annotation configuration to standard error .
adds an existing job to the pending jobs queue .
send action request and check execution result with assert function and specific grid instances count .
returns the value of the bitfield field .
returns the value of the given manifest attribute with consideration to the capsule ' s mode .
gets the parent object in the object tree representing the unmarshalled xml document .
appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .
gets a set of directories containing the symbol files corresponding to the architecture of the session currently selected .
test for array # cons ( value ) and array # snoc ( value ) .
setter of publication date max .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
gets the value of the ' cf _ name ' field
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , executes the given action using the supplied scheduler .
insert a clone of the given entry .
also figures out the name of android / android . bat so that it can be called explicitly .
snippet com . azure . data . applicationconfig . configurationclient . set read only with response # configuration setting - context
note that the order of extracted values is consistent with the iteration order of the array under test .
convert to primitive types , returning default value if text is null .
this method finds index of selected world from array list .
get bewegungsdatum .
retrieve all ports attached to a server .
waits during timeout until attribute with specified attribute name has expected value .
configure the the maximum size of a file part .
test of var method , of class chi square distribution .
aggregates the service , app , and plan policies into a single ordered list .
get discount amount .
outputs the simple name of the type
get system defaults # # # functional description : dracoon system defaults configuration entry point .
get the set of default providers registered for the given service provider contract in the underlying service locator hk2 service locator container .
tests that after initialization , reinitialize with a different uri should fail .
source identifier , you will be notified of events generated from all rds sources belonging to your customer account .
special case where we want to do the issue tracking with the merge branch , and copy matched issue to the current branch .
returns an immutable set containing four elements .
return " t . foo " from " region _ _ t _ _ foo "
creates a new instance of address from thrift representation .
updates the various repositories and configurations for services participating in the upgrade or downgrade .
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
checks to see if the current sequence number should be send to the channel , or whether the channel must wait for a new sequence number to arrive .
detects if the requested time falls into a non - existent time range due to local time advancing into daylight savings time .
returns all the sync d l objects where company id = ?
if - - controller parameter has been specified , - - all parameter will not be visible to prevent conflicts .
snippet com . azure . storage . file . share . share directory async client . delete sub directory with response # string
writes this to directory the standard directory structure .
returns the identifying name for the audio properties .
add the opcodes for numeric operations to a context .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns the view . on click listener of the car menu item .
the key create options is required .
returns the base uri of the resource function .
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate with response # string
creates an introspected table implementation that is only usable for validation ( i . e .
list recording descriptors from a recording id with a limit of record count for a given channel and stream id .
create an instance of jaxbelement
adds many members to this action profile group .
the current thread might be already in any request scope and in that case the scope will be changed to the scope defined by the request scope . instance scope instance .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
construct an object from a byte stream ( similar semantically to previous method , we are deciding which one to support )
gets the edit group configuration resource type .
returns a range of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .
returns the string up to but not including any delimiter characters .
sets the record ' s sequence number .
hm rq body can describe in readable way .
gets the default sslhost config name .
retrieve a user userprofile .
gets the certificate information of the last signature .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
property sysapp
renders this vertex into the given vertex buffer , assuming that the vertex format is default vertex formats # block .
get the joint - normalized mutual information ( normalized , 0 = unequal )
services incoming range write calls .
this year will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method .
if all field level validators pass , and # bind ( object ) has been used to bind to an item , item level validators are run for that bean .
sometimes we need to be able to avoid this happening if it will lead to a circular reference .
get stop function snippet block .
test of var method , of class poisson .
this method iteratively calls # do feature iteration ( training estimator , collection , real vector , real vector , double ) to train the feature .
get the score for all movesets , in either defence or attack score .
the timestamp for the last update to the example .
evaluates lhs @ rhs , where @ is the operator , and returns the result .
if just need to do additional things before firing the drop event , then you should override # on drop ( string , drop effect ) instead .
gets the value . mutable for the parrot variant of this parrot .
extracts geometry information from the instance , if present .
adds one member to this action profile group .
this does not close or release datasets or graphs held by client code .
indicates if the current variant is equal to the given variant .
gets the value of the category property .
the maximum number of file path / content pairs that can be supplied is 5 .
the file should contain an x . 509 certificate chain in pem format .
this method should be called before reusing same instructions list between several s .
gets the confidence .
see global checkpoint tracker # update from master ( long , set , set , set ) for details .
evaluate if a feature is toggled based on the information in store and current execution context ( key / value as thread local ) .
get authentication settings # # # functional description : retrieve the settings of authentication configuration .
gets the receiver ( sequence ) of a length access node , or null if length node is not a length access .
obtains an instance of local date from a date - time object .
return all elements until specified time period has elapsed
collect capabilities of an index .
returns the param consolescript .
if only public access and unconditional access are allowed , the suffix is " / public lookup " .
returns the image capture . capture mode .
tests the get compact long length ( ) method .
it will cause the service to transition from state # stopping to state # terminated .
the option will be converted to a type .
the command is ignored if an update operation takes place .
tests assert that the setting can be deleted after unlock the setting .
index roll dates are 20th march and september .
perform the " enhanced key schedule " step described by provos and mazieres in " a future - adaptable password scheme " url
send request to gracefully stop to the process ( via ipc shared memory )
set the parameter expression at the given index .
getter for book modified property
tokenize a char sequence based on the given char sequence delimiter .
efficient version of # lock child ( inode view , lock pattern ) for when the child path components are already known .
updates the underlying schema based on the schema description .
remove a cache entry for a sentence
the option is a : type .
returns true if wifi calling is enabled for at least one phone .
invokes parent . resolve requires to resolve the given root modules .
client will automatically attempt to reconnect to the server if the connection is lost .
check equality of two string objects .
returns the default pivot of a view on a specific axis .
returns the cipher to use for encrypting and decrypting serialized identity data to prevent easy inspection of subject identity data .
this method returns a collector allowing streams to be gathered into an immutable map .
effectively clones the original proxy object and it adds the constant annotation marker interface .
inspects the value of a k entry and stores all meaningful structure item objects that are encountered .
returns the console script .
this method is not thread - safe for the insertion order units and should be called atomically relative to the insertion order units .
add - - adminport and - - instanceport options with proper default values .
returns map of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table .
gets the dataset with the specified id and applies the specified changes .
get the time a publication will linger in nanoseconds after being drained .
merges this frame with the given frame ( case of a ret instruction ) .
you cannot use to restore a table with the same name as an existing table in an amazon
copies a file to folder with specified copy params and returns copied destination .
checks if ast is the default token of an annotation field .
adds a temporal memory to this layer
the module name ( " " for the unnamed module ) .
get manufacturing order .
marks type , throwing if it is explicitly excluded , or if any of its members are also specifically included .
in case nodes are added from within a class - level or cross - parameter constraint , the node representing the constraint element will be dropped .
gets the value as a long in the metrics table of a given key .
returns a set of unshifted ip addresses .
return the " cache - control " header value .
returns the platform of the given os name specified in the module target attribute .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a progress notification for the given download states .
sets an attribute on the given element .
this method looks at the authority of a metadata .
device - general information reports have 2 key value pairs for every attribute .
returns the sample l a r booking with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . samplelar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
cookie data is signed it using .
sets the item separator .
use host access # explicit or host access # public .
before initializing any web module we call each web module ' s prepare method to allow for a web module to leave information useful for other modules on the shared servlet context .
note : if the specified workflow execution is not open , this method fails with unknown resource .
indicates whether an optional content group is enabled .
returns the flow table for specified device .
check that removing enum fields requires migration
create renew check decision state .
sedec the value of the ' dec ' field .
invokes # create service provider , but checks against recursive calls .
when executing as part of a monolithic compilation there will likely only be a module def available .
converts this module to a strict module with the given dependences
method that overrides wait until page is loaded ( ) and waits also for the groups livetable to load .
set runtime hk2 locator .
make sure that cell . set cell type ( cell type . blank ) preserves the cell style
this implementation exposes the savepoint manager interface of the underlying transaction object , if any .
tests the engine starts up , executes 1 trade cycle successfully , but then receives trading api exception from
this version avoids certain types of overflow .
gets the regularization lambda .
get the " global " cors configuration .
only included for sync client
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
formats the sequence number .
the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
test of npara method , of class logistic distribution .
defaults to running before form # on submit ( ) .
add a subscription to the list of subscriptions to be subscribed at cancellation time .
test get procedure
sends nx - api request message to the device .
gets all tv show seasons from database
linear algebraic matrix multiplication , a t b c
if the null is returned , controller result # result _ code _ unknown _ error will be returned .
if it contains a single exception that is thrown , otherwise the this multi exception is thrown .
writes a compilation unit to the currently open file , if any .
for more information about specifying an audio format , including additional details about some of the formats , see [ specifying an audio format ] ( url ) .
returns a default credential for the application .
same as # test module with work queue ( key factory , optional ) but with default task store and key factory .
generic method for untyped messages .
returns an immutable set containing ten elements .
sets the param sitetitle .
returns value of network address cache ttl property .
propagate cdi context across completion stages .
tests the security utils # get group from thrift client ( ) ( ) method .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
are we a file and a json file ?
this first tries to use sun . misc . unsafe to load a class .
unsafe version of # data _ l ( pointer buffer ) data _ l .
snippet com . azure . security . keyvault . certificates . certificate client . get certificate # certificate properties
based on vmchk / checkthreads . c r1 . 5
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
if last - modified and date are defined , freshness lifetime is coefficient ( date - last modified ) , else freshness lifetime is default lifetime
convert an uploaded file to html .
this can be used to change any field , for example to set the year , month of day - of - month .
put create value of a key
test send email ( ) with parameter list .
test that a jar file with a main - class attribute that is not a valid
if options is null , then all the configuration setting configuration settings are fetched in their current state .
this method is always invoked after # dns start ( call , string ) .
if the new lookup class is in a different package than the old one , protected and default ( package ) members will not be accessible .
appends the name of the given label to # buf buf .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . start copy from url # url
creates a list of arguments to pass to the compiler , including the list of source files to compile .
purge head notes in very short ending measure ( courtesy measure ) if any .
runs the initializers defined via @ initializer annotation
get lieferdatum .
evaluates the build file ast into a package .
returns the provider ' s public no - arg constructor .
creates a module reference to an exploded module .
in other words , the returned basic graph will not be updated after modifications to graph .
retrieves the conflict status of the current row of this sync resolver , which indicates the operationthe row set object was attempting when the conflict occurred .
starts the service if not started already and stops all downloads .
fork the routine to a separate jvm process and return the result locally .
get global id .
creates an instance of row factory using default row type factory and generated getter factory .
returns the entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . chat . no such entry exception if it could not be found .
create an instance of jaxbelement
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
the negative of starts not with is # starts with .
return the specified key generator to use , if any .
returns the space - separated oauth scopes to use with the the service account flow or null if not using the service account flow .
sets the input prompt - a textual prompt that is displayed when the field would otherwise be empty , to prompt the user for input .
validates whether modulus is at least 2048 - bit .
the encoding format of a single exception with its cause is :
returns the uuid of the request .
this option won ' t be visible is ` - - entity format message ` has been specified .
get condition values .
iterating with two progenius for a draw
maven coordinates : org . apache . camel : camel - spark - rest
subclasses might decide on different approaches to creating local temporaries .
this method logs a warning if the class cannot be registered .
in case of failure the flux will error .
clear out the cache .
convert to web socket ws or scheme uris
returns the servlet context to be injected or null .
converts an entity ( pojo ) to a dbobject .
build a map with projection field names and " path " field names and adds it to the types field maps map .
the difference in seconds is calculated using temporal # period until ( temporal , temporal unit ) .
adds a style for the html tag .
convert the data provider to use a different filter type .
sets the maximal number of results returned by solr indexes .
deletes all the students in the course .
filter evaluator should return optional # absent ( ) when the link doesn ' t match any filters
tries to advance the start of the queue by one element and returns the removed element in case of success , null otherwise .
sets the partition data directory .
tests the file system master # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method with a non - empty directory .
test to convert between a thrift type and a wire type .
adapts the arguments according to the properties of the type inference util . result .
whether to expose and manage the global reactor netty resources from the http resources holder .
calculate a ' x ( where x is an in - core vector )
creates a new log writer .
this method must only be used for type references whose sort is # throws throws .
usually this is called at the end of a web request .
conditionally update the # service table iff it does not exist or is empty .
logs collection , string and throws java . lang . assertion error , if not .
sets the additional data used for creating new pages .
founds the contact corresponding this history id .
get jdbc driver class name .
the xpath node set is treated as a list of xpath nodes , not as a list of subtrees .
uses tombstones to handle put - remove reorder .
generates a code sample for using file client # set properties ( long , file httpheaders , file smb properties ,
returns true if the session is closed within the past hour of calling this function .
makes the given module visitor visit this open declaration .
returns the full name of the given table path , this name may be padded with current catalog / database name based on the paths length .
" appender name " : " master _ log " .
the implementation here sets the header ( if needed and not already set ) , the header and the header .
the flux will contain one or several feed response of the obtained users .
sets the left border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the left
see also : [ working with corpora ] ( url ) [ add corpora to the custom language model ] ( url ) .
adds / updates config helper # cluster _ env _ stack _ select _ packages _ property from stack
if it ' s successfully completed , browser result # get media item ( ) will return the media item .
it will replace the previously assigned media control view instance if any .
@ bean public security web filter chain spring security filter chain ( server http security http ) throws exception http . . . . csrf ( csrf - > csrf
the formally correct mechanism of disconnecting the returned fcpplugin client is to null out the strong reference to it .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
bind all providers contained in p rovider bag ( classes and instances ) using instance manager .
creates a new jetty connection factory .
returns the matcher builder representing the set of characters that can be matched by this character class .
parse card number as int ( support base [ 123 ] and alternative numbers [ 123b ] ) .
this method superposes y onto x , so it transforms the coordinates of y .
get binded side .
gets a map mapping iinventories to the amount of items of the type passed in that exist
see immutable list static factory methods for details .
return a jetty remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .
returns if the " is _ message _ history _ enabled " property is true for the contact , otherwise - returns .
match statement against pattern for create schedule
prepare task event for execution on agent .
sets the expected behaviour for tasks in case that they encounter an error in their checkpointing procedure .
returns a resolving converter for the given attribute definition
this method will populate oio groups with owner oio node as key and list of corresponding oio nodes which will run in its thread as value
n cannot be valid unless its token is in this set .
see # with chrono ( chronology ) for more details on overriding .
indicate whether this media type includes the given media type .
this stores a complete object that has been parsed .
group : reset
returns profile and level ( as defined by codec profile level ) corresponding to the given codec description string ( as defined by rfc 6381 ) .
represent a zone with a fake email and defaul ttl of 86400 .
store last collected and watchlisted timestamps .
optional . absent ( ) .
the input file must be a list of tab - separated verb - pos pairs , one verb per line .
checks if the groupby is a supported one , that is , if it ' s possible to turn to sql the various expression it ' s using
return an empty list for no search result , and return null for the error .
unsubscribe from all channel .
sets the specified value to the auto flush field .
the name of the default cran mirror .
expands all child nodes until the specified structure depth is reached .
deletes a deployment model from storage
schedules a move media item action to be executed .
sort the input data .
returns true if the resource is a simple resource that can never be encapsulated .
returns the properties of this resource in a map .
returns a suitable content for the argument file given to dx with - - main - dex - list .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
setter for # expose only requested header
the minimum coverage of the sequence alignment between two subunits to be clustered together .
add the given handler method argument resolvers .
construct json data source from the underneath byte channel which is associated with the entity struct .
the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , read - only or writable ) .
default implementation of a complete execution of this operation .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
reads from bytes serialized in tbinary protocol
returns the number of 64 bit words it would take to hold num bits
if the mapped keys may have duplicates , use # to map ( function , function , binary operator ) instead .
returns if the provided key is an " empty slot " marker .
get all pinot raw table names .
save the configuration of this tunnel only
set schema of the cosmos db cassandra table .
the hash code implementation simply returns the unique type id of this resource type .
any of the input words can also be the answer if one is the parent or grandparent of other
returns a key manager factory based on the configuration in this class .
returns a jbiterable that applies function to each element of this iterable and concats the produced iterables in one .
the updated module - info . class will have a concealed packages attribute with the set of module - private / non - exported packages .
a date time accessor represents some form of date and time information .
returns a rule that limits the number of requests for a given period of time by request ' s host domain .
get the list of children of this trienode .
queries this contact source service for source contacts which match a specific query pattern .
if true , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is entailed by the original sentence ,
returns the base section paint .
reverse - transforms using the fecreceiver for the ssrc found in pkts .
sets the subtitle suffix text , and hides or displays the subtitle suffix depending on whether the text is null or not null .
key . create ( web safe string ) is easier to type than new key ( web safe string )
if the key already exists , the sensitivity value will be merged .
in case of failure the flux will error .
test of p method , of class hmm .
return the location of the default deployment descriptor
creates a dbobject from this shape
removes a global option .
returns an inet address of a client who initiated a request .
return a factory for this kind of label ( i . e . , ) .
rotate this vector the specified radians about the given rotation axis .
if labels = " abc " , settings with a label starting with " abc " are returned .
returns the system ' s default charset .
tests if this string starts with any specified prefixes .
unsafe version of # standing tracked device pose .
obtains an instance , specifying sensitivity currency .
gets the value of the ' in memory ' field .
group : common
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
returns whether the code is a valid / known code or not .
safely sets command output # multi ( int ) .
writes a compilation unit to the disk cache .
this compares the value of the identifier only .
sets the vault endpoint url to send http requests to .
snippet com . azure . security . certificatevault . certificates . certificate client . recover deleted certificate with response # string - context
or throws a com . liferay . so . no such favorite site exception if it could not be found .
defaults to 5000 l ( 5 seconds ) .
it also re - queues the key so that the file descriptor is re - associated at the next select operation .
gets the value of the specified type .
get a copy from all member entries
returns the ( unbiased ) estimate of the sample standard deviation of the values within a dataset .
raises the event ' s class ' event on the current context .
a is built when the jar is created .
the comparison is based on the unicode value of each character in the strings .
update a pending or active batch - processing request .
checks the dirty status of the ' stm priority ' field .
it ' s configured to be aligned to block , hence , it ' s moved to the right :
returns a range of all the push notifications devices where platform = ? .
produces a ccprocessed semantic graph with no extras .
assert that all plain execution event execution events contained in this events object exactly match the provided conditions .
returns the port that the rest server endpoint should listen on .
throw a , because it doesn ' t know how to unwrap the object .
set the drop target ' s text to either " remove " or " cancel " depending on the drag source .
returns an instance lineage dataset .
maps all given field values ' classes to a field type using the configured type mapping rules .
verifies resultset received to contain data classification information as set .
see also : [ synthesizing text to audio ] ( url ) .
getter for # expose only requested header
note that both this , and polarity # maintains truth ( natural logic relation ) can be false .
removes all keys that satisfy a given predicate from the metadata of the specified namespaced entity id .
statement type is hiding in the 0 and 1 bits of the flags .
if the cipher is an symmetric cipher ( using the same key for both encryption and decryption ) , you should set your key via one of the three following methods :
try to save the form values to the given job bean .
or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such folder exception if it could not be found .
build node path , parent , next , prev relation
if true , applying this lexical relation to this word creates a sentence which is negated by the original sentence
use this call to customize the log - on form .
decorates services with the specified route .
or throws a com . liferay . contacts . no such entry exception if it could not be found .
map empty treatment for forwarding block to nop action .
obtains an instance from the specified unique name .
sets # createoverview field to true .
the curves themselves are provided in scenario market data using curve id as the identifier .
goes through the tree by left - center - right ( then back to root ) .
suitable surface metadata can be created using surfaces # swaption black expiry tenor ( string , day count , fixed ibor swap convention ) .
fetches the current value of the property encryption key .
sets the identifier of the action profile .
test affinity awareness sql cache size property .
range does not align the byte range value in the request does not align with the part size specified in the corresponding initiate request .
exchange adapter on the 2nd cycle .
you can only call this method if the # get int get xxx method has returned 0 .
enables the use of com . google . cloud . timestamp timestamps for timestamp fields in document snapshot document snapshots .
add the type parameters for the executable member .
returns an ssl context factory that should be used by a jetty server based on this sslconfig instance , or null if ssl should not be used .
converts the given item into a long value .
action remove hop exiting this step
return that one rdfnode or throw an exception
getting information about a search domain in the amazon cloud search developer guide .
registers a listener to be called when the primitive ' s status changes .
sets the right border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the right
polling operation to poll on create delete certificate operation status .
default name used for various components .
if keys = " abc " , settings with a key containing " abc " are returned .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
gets the path from a full filename , which excludes the prefix , and also excluding the final directory separator .
sets each pixel in the output image to sgnlog ( 1 + sgninput ( x , y ) ) of the input image .
get the date that this token expires
create an instance of jaxbelement
finishes a drag to the given coordinate with no - op afterwards .
sets the current data source for this data communicator .
sets the base section paint .
creates a for - comprehension of 4 iterables .
takes spir - v as a sequence of 32 - bit words , validates it , then compiles to glsl .
the multimap side input handler factory is required to handle all multimap side inputs contained within the executable process bundle descriptor .
invoking this method from the transport thread is not a good idea .
gets the type id for a type name .
use the given functions to extract the values from the object under test into an array , this new array becoming the object under test .
diff a watermark based on watermark type
get extra information for a given realm
sets default lifetime in seconds to be used if heuristic freshness calculation is not possible .
returns the redeem data identified in the connected output , for either p2 pkh scripts , p2 pk or p2 sh scripts .
this method creates a list of all properties ( field or method ) in dependency order , where dependencies are specified using the depends upon specifier of the property annotation .
add the given handler method argument resolvers .
creates dataset trainer with same training logic , but able to accept labels of given new type of labels .
the time as the number of millseconds since the epoch .
sets up the hasend service or the hareceive service as appropriate depending on whether or not this service is the first in the pipeline order .
slots churn : how frequently slots of this size are re - allocated ( slots recycled / slots allocated )
get the file content md5 property : sets the file ' s md5 hash .
decorates all services with the specified decorator .
add an attribute .
this option allows to extend configurations in each configuration file based on location .
parses the response body into a manifest template .
it will no longer receive navigation events .
returns a new partitioner . on vnodes based on the partition key token .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
the # get product type ( ) product type must be etd product type # option otherwise an exception will be thrown .
add a child to the existing node
returns an offset time formed from this time and the specified offset .
get local video duration
creates a new internal jetty connector .
returns the module with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . marketplace . no such module exception if it could not be found .
in that case , since there is no funcall expression to evaluate , stack trace mechanism cannot record this call .
the ec key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
the same as # index reference ( index descriptor ) , except no schema lock is taken .
( just an alias / synonym for get jaxb element ( ) )
setter for # allow origins
adds many members to this action profile group .
this method performs three checks .
this will scramble the decoded string and eventually result in an authentication assert . failure .
` deprecated ` : maximal total size of uploaded files ( in bytes )
specifies the text displayed by the checkbox .
in a nullable type , get the schema for the non - nullable type .
gets an abstract representation of the engine ' s filesystem .
returns the user icon image with the given identifier , or null if invalid .
for more information about the vault locking process ,
sets m badge scale to 1 or 0 , animating if old count or new count is 0 ( the badge is being added or removed ) .
glacier completes the job .
returns true if the button is active and clickable .
constructor that registers all players based on the given configuration , frame and registry .
check equality between a string and a char [ ] object .
return true if this is used in type documentation ( classes or interfaces ) .
registers this iq provider into given provider manager .
gets the named view after adding in the parameters specified .
returns a default credential for the application .
get catch weight menge in preiseinheit .
returns the last sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
chosen bits are [ 8 , 6 , 7 ]
method was started returns true if this job was started
this month - day will be passed to the formatter date time formatter # print ( temporal accessor ) print method .
provides a list of all connection wrappers corresponding to a given environment .
returns the calendar booking with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such booking exception if it could not be found .
if no sld file , throws an exception
the endpoint type .
walk through the jdk11 directory and create a mapping , # jdk11 stub files , from file name to the class contained with in it .
structural specification for more details .
remove the mapping for the field name , and notify listeners about the change including the entry event source .
validates failover on redeploy of a @ stateful bean containing injected resource manager connection factories
get client socket for connection .
or throws a com . liferay . marketplace . no such module exception if it could not be found .
this is primarily intended for cases where the record needs to be re - transmitted with a new sequence number .
create or obtain a prepared statement from my pool .
delete file system nodes # # # functional description : delete nodes ( room , folder , file ) .
casts the date time to the same chronology as this chrono local date .
returns the microblogs entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . microblogs . no such entry exception if it could not be found .
returns a database node representation of the node .
get cache affinity awareness group which is compatible with the mapping .
checks if the specified expression provides an existing permission .
creates a new redis serialization context using a serialization pair # raw ( ) serialization pair .
the name of algorithm used to sign edi message .
get the map of all processed certificates until now .
get information about a batch - processing request with a specified id .
finds all under file system factory from the extensions directory and caches .
this method choses an interface in order of preference : 1 . neither loopback nor point to point 2 . point to point 3 . loopback
this is measured from the bottom , that is , the quantile estimation with the level 99 % corresponds to the smallest 99 % observations and 1 % of the observation are above that level .
creates an exception from an service id and version .
returns completed style id for the child style .
generates an in - memory key for an service , used to index the app for later quick retrieval .
execute an action locally , returning that task used to track it , and linking an task listener .
create new base event with org . mule . runtime . api . message . error instance set .
returns a string representation of the specified value .
so , if the given quaterniond is the identity ( does not apply any additional rotation ) , the reflection plane will be z = 0 , offset by the given .
the specified uses maps a service type name to the modules using the service type and that may or may not be present the given modules .
` deprecated ` : customer activation code string : valid only for types ` free ` and ` demo ` for ` pay ` customers it is empty
process a goog . forward declare ( ) call and record the specified forward declaration .
returns an intent to start the full editor for the given raw contact .
get the data service for the client id
build a response with message and status .
returns the contents of the specified node .
inet address list will be null and throwable will be non - null in the case of a failed dns lookup .
returns partition counters page identifier , page with caches in cache group sizes .
after the service locator is created , we specifically do not call any more methods on it : the locator must instantiate the immediate service without any further prompting to the locator .
adds a new tab .
gets the list of event listener delegates .
adds the number to the provided map under the provided field name if it ' s should be included .
get language code from internal link , especially for the zh variants , will get " wiki " or " zh - "
returns true if the current thread is in any way a child of a legacy command thread .
obtains an instance based on the currency pair , specifying the sensitivity currency .
return the sql that led to the problem .
group : producer
weighting is a ratio from 0 to 1 , where 0 disables the feature and 1 forces the same data centre if possible .
creates query for the given query string .
get the maximum size of a text message buffer .
sets the value of the descrption property .
extract the values of given field or property from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test with type .
test of contextual method , of class grades .
locks existing inodes on the specified path , in the specified lock mode .
the meta - property for the weekend days property .
the extra code is defined in the imagej . legacy . patches package , as described in the documentation for # insert method ( string , string ) .
kafka metrics of sensors which use sampled stat should be synchronized on the sensor object to allow concurrent reads and updates .
recursively sets the env variable to this pattern and all its children
returns the button ' s text ' s font face as default , serif , sans serif , or monospace .
default implementation returns controller result # result _ code _ not _ supported .
this caches the original file length , and throws an ioexception if the output file length is different from the current input file length .
this will calculate the number of required connection for routing and request messages .
returns the name of the parent skill from the locale file
sets the quorum name for operations .
configure the distribution options to use .
returns the ssl manager wrapping the ssl context and engine .
loads a new module from the given resource loader and may or may not immediately scan associated directories for resources , depending on parameters .
return the http client used for plain # create async request ( uri , http method ) asynchronous execution .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
this method subscribes the observable emiting view state over time to the passed consumer .
make sure we can successfully create a job started event .
set the values for some metadata keys on a collection alias .
register a null channel in the given bean definition registry .
:
call when data read from net .
return a byte array input stream over some bytes at the beginning of the data .
creates a new leader file system master from a copy of the journal along with its dependencies , and returns the master registry containing that master .
gets the specific " action " for this activity .
the official iso - 8601 standard does not define eras , however isochronology does .
creates a single item sketch on the heap given a memory .
test blob existence check .
creates a new block blob , or updates the content of an existing block blob .
the key create options # get expires ( ) expires and
report the lower bound constant
parses and returns a string , delimited by a space or semicolon .
copies or downsamples the given hllmode sketch to tgt lg k , hll _ 8 .
read data map from input stream .
tests for the base file system # delete ( alluxio uri , delete options ) method .
tells if this parameter declaration is varargs .
returns a newly - created decorator that decorates a service with a new cors service based on the properties of this builder .
creates a backup of current database contents to the directory exporter # get backup folder path ( string )
the provided xmpperror xmpperror .
returns the status selector menu corresponding to the given protocol provider .
creates a job spec or uri from the avro job spec record .
inserts the given rich - text content at the position returned from get absolute position ( paragraph index , column index ) .
gets the appropriate value from the node and sets it on the appropriate field of the pojo .
gets the max passages per document .
obtain the default query timeout that will be used for java . sql . statement statements created from this connection .
register sludge drop | nbttag with an item stack saved on it , with the weight on the " value " attribute , | a valued item with item and value set .
note : the specified database subnet group must not be associated with any db instances .
stop client .
first get priority from foot flag encoder # handle priority ( reader way , int ) then evaluate wheelchair specific tags .
return the operation names available here .
helper method : gets concept value of a payroll between 2 dates ( old compatibility )
creates new aggregation expression that returns the day of the month for a date as a number between 1 and 31 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
tests that the registration request servlet can process a v2 registration request from a version - beta node .
parse a csv into a list of imported grade objects .
if currently visiting a method , get the method ' s method object
get the maximum size of a text message buffer ( for streaming writing )
joins two sets of geometries on ' contains ' or ' intersects ' relationship .
there could be cases where a field is considered as optional even if it is marked as required in the schema .
integers 0 . . . n .
applications should use the with ( with adjuster ) method on the date - time object to make the adjustment passing this as the argument .
all foldable conditions that fold to false should have been removed by the optimizer .
this is especially important for parameters that are critical when creating the default database for a db cluster , such as the character set for the default database defined by the character _ set _ database parameter .
gets or creates the power level objective on the main scoreboard .
this method returns the original edge via its traversal key .
gets the classpath component containing the given class .
test read evicted tuples
returns true if there are properties in the process config def instance .
returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where modified time > ?
adds a fatal exception to the message set and throws the unit as a phase failed exception .
get a reference to the currently executing job , if any .
add a new way - point to the track .
test of npara method , of class exponential .
otherwise , the segment is only freed and made eligible for reclamation by the gc .
( or na n if they ' re all na n . )
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
checks whether two filenames are equal , optionally normalizing and providing control over the case - sensitivity .
and repository id = ? .
returns the timestamp when the result was created .
returns the first sync d l object in the ordered set where company id = ?
returns the k b article with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . knowledgebase . no such article exception if it could not be found .
read one constant from the given file , the type depends on a tag byte .
cancels all the subscription query registrations which are contained by this subscription query request target .
create an instance of jaxbelement
put buffer which is not used any more back to the pool .
if the variable was set , a configuration configuration event event will be passed to all registered listeners .
starts with action registration .
decorates services under the specified directory .
however , the problem with exposing the information is that people running from an ide can observe stale data from old class files left from a previous build of a jar .
returns ordered # highest _ precedence .
implementation note - for backwards compatibility , the reader that processes this entry will accept either or name for the username property .
send request for execution via # cli io .
the key create options # get key type ( ) key type indicates the type of key to create .
returns an healthy result builder
it is up to the authenticator implementation processing this token if an authentication attempt without an inet address is valid or not .
lists all dataset instances in a namespace .
code snippets for blob client base # start copy from urlwith response ( string , map , access tier , rehydrate priority ,
adds a new job to the job queue to remove the specified extension from the specified namespace .
adds subclusters to this cluster .
test re - packing of instances
felix constructor documentation for more information on the framework configuration options .
obtains a failure from a reason , exception and message .
use the plain # add pickup ( shipment , time window ) instead .
main method to invoke this demo about how to analyze sentiment of a text input .
obtains an instance based on discount factors and bond group .
returns the ( biased ) kurtosis of all the values within a point set region of a dataset
returns the contact detail . sub category corresponding to the given label .
trading strategy - we expect the engine to shutdown .
creates a new iflexible item .
returns the type with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . ams . no such type exception if it could not be found .
called when a track has been selected .
get instance manager .
is has query assisted column or not .
this method returns the value of the database column m _ monitor _ item . user
loads the repository interface contained in the given repository configuration using the given resource loader .
if main branch = 0 locs ( provisioned but never analyzed ) and the " largest long - lived branch " is 120 locs , i ' m expecting to consider the value 120 .
checks if the path is a project repo .
division by zero results in 1 .
returns the test blob entry with the primary key or throws a com . liferay . testblob . no such entry exception if it could not be found .
extract the result of given method invocation from the array ' s elements under test into a new array , this new array becoming the array under test .
sets the intents .
obtains an instance of local time from a date - time object .
returns an access log writer .
helper method to get the number of stores configured with a changelog .
see immutable set static factory methods for details .
- ( optional bool ) when true then additional detailed metrics will be collected .
this method loads an image of a specified type from the given input stream .
returns map of statistics kind and statistics values obtained from specified drill stats table for specified column .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
find the application id from job log by matching " application _ " pattern .
locks a policy for execution .
starts new ignite node and submits computation job to it .
create an instance of jaxbelement
a method signature represents the arguments that the method expects , and the value that it returns .
test of npara method , of class chi square distribution .
returns the button ' s text ' s font size , measured in sp ( scale - independent pixels ) .
create a cluster load balancer script unless one exists .
( try to ) connect this marker with a suitable barline .
get untergruppe .
the timestamp for creation of the dialog node .
generates the name of the parameter token that should be populated with the value of the given attribute .
fails silently if no match found .
returns a context that is limited to given tenant , application
save cluster .
consume a css element selector ( tag name , but | instead of : for namespaces , to not conflict with : pseudo selects ) .
web constants # hyperlink _ view : a lightweight alternative to returning the
note that the returned bits instance must be consumed in order .
query # rx plain ( ) .
returns the whitelisted class names .
no processing is performed on the filenames other than comparison , thus this is merely a null - safe case - sensitive equals .
sets the exception associated with this operation .
finds a class or interface given its fully - qualified name .
verifies that the username matches the user whose connections are being managed by this factory and closes the pool if this is the case ; otherwise does nothing .
if it fails due to another dumb mode having started , try again until the runnable is able to complete successfully .
set the force running option of the command .
convert to object types , returning null if text is null .
execute a request handler for the given exception .
in quiet mode , only the errors ( dependants plugins ) are printed .
returns an unmodifiable list of all the completers .
add a classpath element .
create default tokenizers .
this method will be marked private until a cross - platform working solution can be provided .
check whether the given request match the realm for which this handler is responsible
uppercases the first character .
optimization does not apply to pattern :
the of all leaf nodes is returned as a list ordered by the natural left to right order of the leaves .
returns a readable description of this task in the form ' method name on adapter name with torrent name and all extras '
the node flavor requested , or empty if no particular flavor is specified .
builds a safe decorated service by wrapping the local decorator with exception handling decorators .
if you specify both tag keys and tag values in the same request ,
gets the value of the ' row key ' field .
get the bibtex field name used to extension to this file type .
lucene - 1468 : once we create an output , we should see it in the dir listing and be able to open it with open input .
getter for # expose headers
access control using aws identity and access management ( iam ) .
the returned controller will instantiate new processing component instances for each processing request and will not perform any caching of the processing results .
transform to a surface configuration object with camera id , image format and size info
gets the value of the crypt algorithm sid property .
set a default timeout for curator zookeeper client # close ( ) .
if not explicitly configured with an annotation , this value will be used .
it may return null if the security is not supported by qr code generator nor scanner .
closes the lucene index searcher for this index .
returns the partition data directory .
verify that duplicate exported packages are detected .
return a name / value string suitable for sending in a " cookie " header as defined in rfc 2109 for backward compatibility with cookie version 0
returns whether the code is a valid / known code or not .
wait for this task to meet the expected number of commits as defined by expected commits .
the timestamp for the last update to the entity value .
this is the class name without the package prefix by default .
elements of a block must at least extend node and implement void element .
the option is a : type .
shuts down the managed channel for given key .
throwable will be null in the case of a successful attempt to execute the call .
returns an ordered range of all the sync d l objects where parent folder id = ? .
parses the wsdl file in order to validate the service , port and operation , to get the soap action ( if defined ) and to check if the operation requires input parameters or not .
return true if the given cms tree item or its children is selected .
adds a config file to the set of " active " config files listed in the metadata
returns if the given type has itoken type attribute # tf _ separator _ document set .
get radius configuration # # # functional description : retrieve radius configuration .
h2 o frame is the " backing " data structure behind checkpointed drm .
parses the ' responses ' annotation attachment and build swagger operation .
the rsa key create options is required .
construct a cxx link rule that builds a native linkable from top - level input objects and a dependency tree of native linkable dependencies .
transaction service , targeted sweep follower ) method before any writes can be made to the sweep queue , or before the background sweep job can run .
return a jetty remote repository manager for talking to the nano sparql server instance associated with an haglue interface .
note that the saved system properties do not include the ones set by sun . misc . version . init ( ) .
transform a nullable value into an observable with 0 or 1 element .
gets the list of deleted secret deleted secrets on this page .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
retrieves the pid stored in the command session or passed as an argument .
perform the tests of this quick start using the security context association api to set the desired principal .
fetches the leader index metadata and history uuids for leader index shards from the remote cluster .
returns the default selector provider .
this factory creates a zoned date time from a date - time and time - zone .
saves locale to http session .
returns an immutable set containing zero elements .
the timestamp for creation of the entity value .
set zahlwert .
looks up from services injector .
returns the query .
test of npara method , of class geometric distribution .
clears global cache for the specified icon data .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
snippet com . azure . storage . blob . specialized . blob client base . set httpheaders # blob http headers
transform the results into a linked hash map with abstract files .
sets the script .
compares the specified item .
validate the input , in this case asserting that the backoff factor is positive ( > = 0 ) .
default value is integer . max _ value , meaning that it ' s non - ordered .
configures ssl or tls of the default virtual host with an auto - generated self - signed certificate .
set the record message converter to use .
returns true if field exec time is set ( has been assigned a value ) and false otherwise
computes the average for each pixel across all bands in the planar image .
returns all users , or users from a specified database .
if it runs out of a transaction , after the execution you will still be out of tx .
resolve default name for a given reference type .
subscribe to future updates and be notified of any existing ssrc associations .
returns the current navigation uri .
the candidate collection can be used for speculation , although at present it would break local _ quorum and each _ quorum to do so without further filtering
note : this method is meaningless unless you explicitly provide paths when constructing this instance
set up both primary toolbar for navigation and search , and secondary toolbar for master switch .
returns a new task that , when this task completes normally , is executed using the supplied scheduler , with this task ' s result as the argument to the supplied function .
returns the width of the space character .
returns the specified codepoints as value .
adds one member to this action profile group .
set the exclude filter file
if configuration setting # get etag ( ) etag is specified , the configuration value is updated if the current setting ' s etag matches .
this is why there is not a set method for the eg block level elts property .
casts the date time to @ chrono offset date time with the same chronology .
main method to invoke this demo about how to extract key phrases of a text input .
return the normalized load for the host .
returns the primitive management service .
counts entries in the queue with the specified status for each specified component uuid .
returns an array containing all of the instructions in this list .
simply create some instance of direct byte buffer and try to get declared constructor .
return the topic partitions for this endpoint .
the map has weak keys so it can be expunged when the target class is gc ' ed / unloaded .
currently only http live streaming data uri ' s embedded with timed id3 tags generates timed meta data2 .
get order by .
gets the chemical oxidizer recipe for the item stack input in the parameters .
synchronously send a request and obtain the response .
standard getter for the leftward label string for this relationship type
register a descriptor by name .
match closeness is calculated as the total number of matched source to destination tokens / the total number of source and destination tokens .
create an instance of jaxbelement
the start within a native image heap section ( e . g . , read - only or writable ) .
return a new tags instance by merging this collection and the specific key / value pairs .
typically used for rpcs at best efforts ( e . g . , async cache ) .
update the start and end points of the line .
open a new file for data matching a schema .
creates new aggregation expression that returns the minute portion of a date as a number between 0 and 59 in the factory timezone ( default utc ) .
returns the rfs name plus the default file name .
returns a string representation of this object ; useful for testing and debugging .
get account sign .
complexity : 6 ( 2 of which emulated ) trigonometric functions .
sets the value of the pub browser property .
this will open a new one session if it hasn ' t been opened before
sets the top border for a region of cells by manipulating the cell style of the individual cells on the top
is the counter valid for usage ?
or throws a com . liferay . calendar . no such calendar exception if it could not be found .
returns the defined response scheduler .
returns a sampler , given a rate expressed as a percentage .
verify that a named subquery exists for each include .
a new event context is used instead of the existing instance referenced by the existing base event .
checks and adjusts the market data names .
